DIARY

3/28/2020

On the suggestion of my therapist (via our first video call) a couple days ago, I’ve started to keep a diary.

Suzie said she wanted a divorce on Monday. For all that I had been considering the idea in a childish way (like in A Christmas Story when Ralph imagines coming back to his parents), but also semi-seriously… it hurt. Between Angel dying on Feb 21st, losing my job last week, and COVID-19, this has been undoubtedly the worst span of my life. We had a fight over bread, she and Seri went for a walk, and I was still upset when they came back. I was in downer mode during lunch, that drove her off, and she asked. We had a very sad conversation, one last kiss. I cried. I was numb the rest of the day but I still made pizza, which was good. The bread that was the last straw didn’t even rise well. 

I don’t have much to write about it here, it just sucks. It hurt so much, and now things are… numb, I guess. Not being able to leave yet is frustrating, since so much of what I was overreacting to in our relationship was the feeling that it was myself, then (Suzie+Seri), and now that’s just… true. I keep re-realizing that my future doesn’t have her in it, that I’ve managed to fuck up such an easygoing relationship, that I’m going to be alone and honestly I deserve it. 

This is a weird tone, I’m not sure if I’m writing for myself or somebody else. Who knows. I’m sorry.

It’s been 8 days since my last day at work, because of the emergency declaration, no unnecessary travel in the county, and everything else. This is ultimately a break with my life before now, and while I plan on going back to work I also have resolved the tension I’ve been feeling before now. For a long time I’ve been caught between the trap of liking my job (it’s cushy and I’ll never get a more pleasant one) and the ultimately doomed nature of being a 35-year old making 30k a year in a dead end. I can say that I’m now done pretending I can be there forever.  I will go back, and I want the store to be okay, but it’s not my future forever. I’m not going to die at Jupiter Games if I can help it.

People have been so nice. Neuropantser (Mike Lawson) and theladywhowasmeantome (Alexis Spicer) have given me gifs. Berger has offered to give me the money for first month/security deposit. Cat has been so helpful emotionally (much as this is balanced by me trying to derail their slow-burn wanting to fuck skry even though they know he’s unavailable, not because they’d act on it but because it hurts them). Eirik and terrificy too. I’ve spoken with Halarith and Zach and they’ve been good. After this, I want to do something good for all of them.

In terms of day to day life things are mostly okay. I haven’t been using an alarm clock. Today I just sorta woke up, read for a bit, ahd a bagel and cream cheese for breakfast, made stuffed chicken tenderloin for lunch, now I’m making gua bao for dinner. I’ve been reading Consider Phlebas. I managed to cuddle with Zero again for a bit. I’ve been talking to Devon more, she’s doing well. I don’t have any serious accomplishments, but it’s been cold and rainy, so outside isn’t a thing I really want to do- I might take a walk after dinner regardless though. I’ll try to update this if I do.

I’m going to miss this room. The square pattern Suzie painted is such a monument to how wonderful she was- I know things are over now, but god they were wonderful. I love her. I’ve been thinking so much how at some point you’re not thinking about it but you’ve seen someone 90% of the amount you’ll see them. It’s true for her, it’s true for Zero. I hate it. There was a scene in the Suspiria remake where a man initially reunites with his wife after having lost her in the war, only to find out it’s an illusion, and later that she died thinking of him, and worst, he loses his memories. I know we’re never going to reunite. It hurts that I know that, and that there’s never going to be someone I’m as close to as I was with her, and that I managed to break that over a long period. 

I want someone to want me. I know no one will as I am. I’m going to start working on diet + exercise soonish. My sex drive has been kinda nil the last month or two and now it’s weirdly kicked back up. I don’t know.

My consolations are basically that after this there’s nothing I have to worry about except taking care of myself. Once I move out I’ll be able to cook what I want, etc. It’s a cold fucking comfort. 

LATER: I did not. The food was just okay.


3/29/2020

Spend a while reading in bed and certifying for unemployment before getting up around 11am. Think I’ll make breakfast. My right wrist is clearly not happy with my choices re: vastly increased computer usage,  but not painful or anything. 
Breakfast: reheated rice with a fried egg, a little of the pork braising liquid from last night, and some of the lettuce.
Read some more. Going to make lunch now (it’s 2:45). It felt like very little time has passed.
Cat has been uncommunicative today. Little worried given D&D at 5pm. They were okay although sad.
D&D was okay. Not super pleasant but is decent.
Cat was talking really worrisomely- I might want to reach out to someone and get them better help than i can provide. I’m really worried. 
Today felt very short. Made a bunch more progress in Consider Phlebas at least.

3/30/2020
Went to sleep around 3, up at 9:22. Feel tired. Last dream was a nightmare where I was taking a test but was late or hadn’t studied so the teacher didn’t bother to give me one, until 10 min before the end when I asked, which upset him, but I was arrogant about being able to pass (this does sound like me in high school) anyway. He threw a bunch of “he’d grade it on the spot per question and when the grade went low he’d fail me” because he was furious, then was like “give the year after which you cannot be happy about western civilization.’ I apparently wracked my brain trying to remember when early state formation in Babylon/Ur/Sumer were and started writing that down. I’d rather have had a sex dream.

I need to actually try stuff today. I’m going to list a bunch of goals and try to work on them here.
Sall Associates called, the apartment is an option but probably not available until end of lockdown. It sucks. I am passingly considering staying at Zach’s but not thrilled. Probably not going to

It’s 2:30, I’ve accomplished nothing. I’m going to try to take a walk I think, after lunch.
Lunch was decent. Dinner was tacos, very good.
Went on walk after dinner, took pictures.
Cat wanted to do movie night, I passed. They’re very clearly not interested in a relationship but also like… very close to one already? I don’t know. 
I got in touch with an apartment in Endicott, going to check it out tomorrow. Berger lent me money 


3/31/2020

Woke up at 7:20ish, laid there until 9 when my alarm went off. It’s 9:10 now, gotta get ready and head over to the apartment (320 Hill Ave). 

The walk over was good, I found the place, everything about it seems good. I’m going to move in. I don’t want to leave but simultaneously I want to leave so badly. I told Berger it was like tearing myself out of the corpse of a happy life.

I’m going to be kinda lazy the rest of the day though.
Salisbury steak and potato gratin took a million years (seriously: three and a half hours including cleanup). 
Watched Detective Dee: Four Heavenly Kings with Cat. It was good.

4/1/2020: 
Was lazy until 10:30am today. Now going to get up and start packing for an hour or two, then play Danganronpa for a bit. I still need to  figure out how I’m moving my bed. 

Started prepping, moved a bunch of totes over. Suzie is helping, it’s very kind of her. Didn’t get a ton done today but I have a plan. And I’ve gotten a lot of the prep done. 

It hurts that we’re clearly just roommates now. I try not to let it bother me. I have permission to visit Zero. He made better steak and potatoes than I did, which hurts. On some level I keep expecting this to reset soon,or fix itself somehow. I signed up for farm share. Cat and Whiteblade111 are sad, and I worry.

4/2/2020:
Moving a lot more stuff today, I think basically everything but furniture.

Yup. Down to just furniture and a few personal effects. Suzie made breakfast sandwiches for breakfast. I have salisbury steak, orange, and doritos for lunch.

Fried rice for dinner. Just about finished. Still sucks- Berger told me I was taking it better than he expected. I guess I kinda am. I wish Zero would cuddle with me one last time but I had a good one earlier in the week. I’m kinda touch-starved right now. 


4/3/2020

Execution day. Woke up at 7:38, laid in bed until 9:30. Showered and shaved and it’s 9:55. Last day here really. I’ll be a couple more visits but, yeah. Cat basically stopped talking to me? I think depression but maybe I fucked something else up. Doing stuff on freecodecademy a bit this week, going to start working with Berger on Monday. 10:01, starting to pack. I have until a little before 2. I walked Zero one last time, just around the yard a bit. 

Moved everything over. Suzie hated UHaul. I am taking a break having just moved the bed upstairs, and set up the bookshelves and dresser. Things are starting to look okay. I can’t find my tiny plant :(. Going to concentrate on getting stuff together.

Found plant. Got stuff semi-together. Tomorrow gonna do more. Got meatball pizza from Rossi’s for dinner. Made first two transactions on the M&T credit card today. Sad about Suzie, and Zero, and a tiiiny bit Bryan. Moving felt like them doing most of the work (this is probably true, two people will do more than one). Cat’s talked to me again, so that’s good. Listened to a Grandaddy song (He’s Simple, He’s Dumb, He’s the Pilot). It feels like today is my last day alive. It kinda is. I woke up in my old room for the last time this morning. I’m glad I got to know it was the last time. 

4/4/2020
Was tired as hell from moving last night, went to bed super early. Like, was mostly to sleep by 10:45pm! Slept poorly, woke up at ~4am, back to sleep until 7:20. Turns out the radiator makes noises and I’m still not used to them. The neighborhood wakes up early too, somebody was up and noisy across the street at like 8am. 

Ate the rest of the pizza for breakfast/lunch/dinner. Got the rest of my stuff put together in the room, I’m actually really happy with it. Suzie dropped off the last of my stuff (rifle, larp stuff, sourdough starter, sauerkraut, box fan). I’m staying up later (probably because I’m not as tired from moving). Watched Beastars with Cat, it was uh, weird as shit and with a lot of odd sexual metaphors. We watched two episodes and peaced out. I watched Eirik stream going through Tinder and looking up his date. I was up until about midnight.

4/5/2020

Slept like shit, woke up at 6:30 and spend until 9 in a semiconscious state. Today I need to get groceries and shower and fix unemployment, probably not in that order. The birds I can see through the window are cheering me up. I had a sad thought last night about Angel’s ghost not coming with me, if she had a ghost. I know that’s not how this works, I just feel bad. But not as bad as you’d think honestly? This whole process has hurt far less after the first week than I thought. It’ll be interesting to talk to Dr. Ianuzzi on the 10th.

Alright, time to do unemployment. It is done. Grocery list, and remember that I have to write it down. I should either do Down to Earth whole foods or Price Chopper. I might do Down to Earth and then Wegmans tomorrow just because Wegmans has the basics. Right now I would be fine if I could get like, eggs and potatoes and beans and produce.

Shower was good. I did Down to Earth, which had expensive but okay produce, and then Price Chopper, which was a disaster in terms of being crowded/etc. I am out of shape, walking from there and back and carrying stuff both ways was really hard for me. That said, I feel accomplished, silly as it is. I still need to get some more spices- right now I’ve got salt and pepper and chili sauce and not a ton else.

I’ve made a meal plan for the next week. I’m thinking about medium term goals, and they’re basically self-improvement: get in shape, learn programming. Long term I still don’t know. 

Breakfast was a donut and matcha latte, lunch was whole milk and a peanut butter cookie, but dinner was fried potatoes and tomato eggs. Had a beer which was good. 

Have been inactive since. Talked to Chloe and Cat, and also Suzie.

4/6/2020
Went to bed just after midnight, woke up at 5:20, took a bit to fall alseepish again, back up at 8:58. Today is the first day of everything being unstructured- I don’t live with anyone, I don’t have to do anything. Confirmed that I am getting $540+271.25 every week lol. Berger got me the fanciest tea set. I feel a little guilty at how nice life is right now. Chris (landlord) had contractor through this morning.

Going to start burning through freeCodeCamp, then take a walk around 1, then have lunch, then do studying again until dinner, then be lazy. Hit through the HTML5 basics to refresh myself. It only has javascript though so I think I’m going to move on from that. Signed up for a “Learn how to Learn” on Coursera. Took a long walk, made it almost up Oak Hill. Made lunch of the leftover potatoes from yesterday and an onion, with some hot sauces, topped with a big scoop of full fat greek yogurt. It’s good. 

Now going to start looking at How to Automate the Boring Stuff with Python for a while, then I think make fancy tea and read or listen to a podcast. I am going to try to keep in touch with: Felipe Soffia Otárola, Neal, and Anish Shrestha from the Coursera course on Learn How to Learn. 

I made dinner, sourdough discard biscuits with potato/mushroom and egg. Burned the potatoes a little. I never got around to Automate the Boring Stuff. I’m torn on video or book, but I think realistically I should try the video and see how it goes. Neither one is going to be the be-all end-all so it’s not a big deal if it doesn’t cover everything.

4/7/2020
Went to bed a little before midnight, was woken up early again by the radiator. It’s 7:24am as I write this. I need to do something about it, this is actually preventing me from having a good night’s sleep. 

I’ve been reading stuff for two hours. Breakfast was a fried egg, biscuit, and slice of cheese with some whole milk. The biscuits were a mistake insofar as they commit me to more biscuit meals but very tasty.

I haven’t done much other than pooosssibly help the store out with recommendations but not gonna consider that. Chris had someone over to drop off flooring. Lunch was uh, raw kale with the same rest of lunch from yesterday. Not bad but needed some kind of other thing going on, the kale was too dominant. I think maybe honestly just less kale. Making pizza dough for later in the week, going to have some nice unusual pizza.

5:30, still haven’t started. Had a couple biscuits with butter and milk as a snack. I’m going to ball the dough at 5:45, shower, then start on Automate the Boring Stuff.

Didn’t really do much, although did start on Automate the boring stuff. (from the next day: which was really useful)

4/8/2020

Went to sleep at 11ish? Definitely by midnight. Was semiconscious before dawn, up at 7:30. It’s 8am as I write this. I don’t like this sleep schedule. 

Today I want to: 
-Do a bunch of Automate the Boring Stuff (i.e. at least half, ideally more).
-Order Taco Bell lol COMPLETE
-Drink fancy tea COMPLETE
-Walk a bit COMPLETE
-Watch the learn how to learn summary video (or the next couple at least) COMPLETE
-Movie night or something with Cat

Started trying Automate on Pomodoro mode, gonna see how that goes. 
Pomodoro method seems to actually work. Made a ton of progress by 7:13.

New tea is amazing. I really like the process, although I’m still scared I’ll ruin it. 
I like all the birds that live near the house.
I met one of the neighbors, the guy with the grill / barbecue smoker. Tom. He’s also mid-divorce and works at the grocery store.

Taco bell lunch. Korean spicy ramen with a bit of steamed kale for dinner. I’ve gone through sections 1-9 on Automate the Boring Stuff.

Went until 11, fell asleep a little after 1. Pretty happy with the day.

4/9/2020 THURSDAY, Day 20 of lockdown subjective time

Woke up early as usual by radiator, but not drastically so. Made breakfast of eggs+shredded potato. Gotta meal prep son, dishes+everything for cooking for one are too time consuming. I think tomorrow I’m gonna work on that. Therapy today at 11, it’ll be interesting to talk to Dr. Ianuzzi. Grazed the internet before that. Now waiting on call to start up at 11:10 my time.

Therapy went okay. It’s much colder now that it’s actually cold out and we turned the heat down. I miss my 80 degree room from a cople days ago. And Chris turned it up without asking, which is glorious.

Got some more of Automate done, eating the yogurt+potato/onion that’s been my go-to lazy dish because I forgot how long chickpeas take and so won’t have them until dinner.

Got distracted around 5 and kinda lost a bunch of time to making a mediocre dinner and dicking around. Not thrilled but not the end of the world. It’s 10:20 now. 

Stayed up very late.

4/10 FRIDAY: Day 21 of lockdown 
Got up at 9:25, left wrist hurts (I keep having dreams about hurting it, not sure what’s going on).  Dissatisfied with yesterday. Going to try to finish automate today. Also need to make a big batch of something so I’m not just cooking forever. Hopefully pizza.

Made pizza, was pretty okay. Was non-active until 4pm. Okay like 5:30. It’s interesting how quickly today passed subjectively. I think I should be aware that the pomodoro management seems to make it slower.

On third pomodoro at 7:40

Finished 8 pomodoros at like 11 but easily got sidetracked with selenium and now it’s midnight.
Stayed up until like 2.

4/11/2020 Saturday: day 22

Woke up at like, 6:30 had to console Cat that Alexis was commenting on their tournament. I low-key have a crush on Cat, don’t like that, it’s not a good idea, it’s not a good plan, it’s not going to work out (despite y’know). I also, revisiting this much later in the day, don’t know how true that is.

Went for bus, missed it, missed it again, got to Wegman’s, lost my shopping list, spent way too much, took two hours from checkut to home. Made pizza, it was just okay. Was super distracted the rest of the day, accomplished basically nothing, now it’s 2am. Chris was in the navy, fucked up his nose, has little in the way of smell/taste, works at BAE.

4/12/2020 Easter Sunday, day 23 of lockdown subjective

Woke up at 9:10am. Certified for unemployment benefits. 

Breakfast was yogurt and kimchi. Lunch is going to be pizza. 

Happy Easter to me I suppose?

Tried GABA oolong, is very good. Consoled Cat over anti-Chinese racism. Made third pizza, allllmost have the formula down. Think I’m going to keep doing pizza. Figured out the main issues with this one (which were substantial: dough is too sticky for my current technique to work out). It was solid but unimpressive, I had it for lunch/dinner- going to be trying intermittent fasting.

8:15pm. 20 days into being single I have to say I hadn’t realized how big a deal to me the levels of affectionate touch I had been receiving were.

Signed up for a clinical trial of the covid-19 vaccine. For science. 
Finished Automate on Udemy. Was very good, I feel acomplished. I need to hit up the google developer course to get some of the more background stuff since this hit mostly practical vs theoretical. Pomodoro technique has been really, really useful. Looking forward to physical timer. It’s 1:20am, going to try to wind down, have a day planned out for tomorrow.
4/13/2020 Monday day 24 of lockdown subjective
Woke up at almost 10, had a genuinely good night’s sleep. Made breakfast, now going to do the plan I planned on (with about half an hour delay, which doesn’t dramatically affect the day. I had oatmeal for breakfast, going to have chorizo and potato tacos for lunch/dinner (I’m going to try to see how I get along on a plan that’s just very large lunch and only having an eating window of ~9am-5pm, maybe 7am-3pm). Preordered the second Strange Planet book last night for Suzie, felt right. I still care about her even if things have fallen apart. Maybe someday things could get better between us again, but I don’t think it’s an option- I wouldn’t be secure in that as like, second fiddle to Seri, and it’s unreasonable to ask her to put me ahead of him.  Tomorrow is my last work payday, I’m going to get like, 911.25 in my personal and god knows how much in the joint.

9pm, on a break. Today was behind a bunch- I was aiming to be done with everything by now but still have 4 pomodoros out of 16 left. THAT SAID, I made the chorizo con papas tacos and they were fucking amazing. Got laundry and cleaning and exercise dones. Google dev course is slower- I need to do more, might take until Wednesday.

Went to sleep earlyish.

4/14 Tuesday, day 25 of lockdown subjective
Woke up around 8 after getting to sleep at ~2am, stayed in bed until 9am, got up / dressed / breakfasted and first bout of physical activity (getting Amazon package that had been misdelivered) by 10:30. Pretty happy with myself. Going to shower / brush teeth / shave and then get to Python.

Trying golden needle tea today. Smells like chocolate dry. Is amazing, very rich, definitely chocolatey notes. 
Things are going pretty well, it’s 4:34 and I’m down to my last 5 pomodoros of productivity.  Got package from Amazon off 320 Oak Hill porch, old man nearby was suspicious for good reason. I allayed his suspicions I think. I now know the room ranges from ~74F-77F in the daytime lol. 

REALLY noticing the lack of touch/contact. 

Intermittent fasting ceased b/c I was given chicken wings. I’m not proud but idgaf.

4/15 Wednesday, L.S: 26

Got up around 10 after going to sleep around 2, took walk, made breakfast (oatmeal and a bit of yogurt for protein), it’s 12:15, finshing convo with Berger and dragoonkin then starting on python. Python was good. Acquired Berger’s training manual, will look into that a bit tonight.

Lunch is tuna salad tacos (I hope). After getting the immersion blender who knows how long ago, I finally made my own mayo, it turned out great.
Finished google dev course! Pretty happy with myself. Watched “The Untamed” with Cat, which was good too. Not a very eventful day but a solid one imo. Was good to take a walk. I need to work on stuff but overall quite happy.. Berger going to start more directly mentoring me tomorrow.

4/16 Thursday, 27 L.S>

Woke up at 9:30 after staying up too late. Gotta learn about git today. 

Made a fuckton of rice. Had tamago kake gohan with kimchi and chili garlic sauce and fried onions. Was delicious. Going to have either fried rice or potato salad for lunch. Dreams have been all sex and death. Can have dog but not cat here. Basil dying because too cold downstairs, moving it up. Temperature range in room since I got here is ~74.5-83.1F unless I open window.

Shaved my soul patch today. Realized I just… could. Need to set aside time for reading- evenings should be fine. Thinking about buying absurd clothing. 

Got like nothing done today. Not sure what went wrong- structureless/ Unsure. Maybe just hunger tbh. Had a late dinner and it seemed to help a lot now that I’ve had it (it was fried spam tacos so uh…)

4/17 Friday, 28LS

Woke up a bit before 9am, felt very enervated, got up at around 10. Turns out it’d been about 85F most of the night, which explains a lot. Turned off the radiator, cracked a window. Gonna see how that goes. Tamago kake gohan for breakfast. 

Went to home depot, got a bunch of stuff, now making spam and beans in the  instant pot, we’ll see how that holds up. (it was… ok)

Been bashing my head against leetcode all day. Learned git well enough to use it.

4/18 Saturday 29 LS

Woke up at 8 feeling much better, room is low 70s. Basil might even recover. Had rice + beans for breakfast.

Leetcode makes me feel very silly.

Lunch was two fried eggs on top of a salad with greek yogurt and tofu and kimchi. Potato salad later.

Mindi offered me job. Feels bad to say yes. Would feel worse to say no. I guess I had just hoped this would go on longer. I say that having had almost a month lol. That (“I guess I had just hoped this would go on longer.”) would be a good epitaph honestly. 3/days/week. 

4/19 Sunday 30LS

Woke up at 10am, had oatmeal, going to order Taco Bell (or some similar junk food) today for lunch. Got down to mid-60s overnight. 

Told Mindi about me not being there indefinitely, on Suzie’s request. Had a conversation with Suzie, it was nice but trying not to slip back into it. That’s over forever. Taco Bell ordered. It was good.

I need to up my physical activity.
I think the things that keep me most productive in actual practice are:
-tea
-pomodoro technique

Read an article just now about being lucky (and how it’s basically mostly “being aware of unexpected opportunities” and “adding variance to your life to generate them”), I thought it was interesting. http://archive.is/wxg72 .

Chris gave me mask today. 

Going to work tomorrow. Not “going” but yeah. Pretty happy with how I’ve done today. 

4/20 Monday 31LS, Work Day 1 of 24

Woke up a bit before dawn ~5:30am, then fell back asleepish until around 7, got up at 8:08. Writing this around 8:30, going to make spam & kimchi fried rice for breakfast to get something fancy. 

Worked. Wasn’t super satisfied with it, didn’t have much in the way of concrete accomplishments. Did that and then was more diffuse the rest of the day, watched some Untamed, read some stuff. Made very mediocre cookies using mayonnaise. Went to sleep around 2.

4/21 Tuesday 32LS

Woke up a little before 8, didn’t really get up until ~10. Going to get groceries, then alternate coding/untamed/ with some learning how to learn sprinkled in. Groceries on hold b/c rain. Breakfast was bean and cheese quesadillas, was extremely good. 

Went to get groceries, spent $50 on brown sugar, cocoa, vanilla extract, chocolate chips, eggs, milk, leaves, garlic, cucumber, squash, oatmeal, and a big cookie. MUCH harder to breathe in mask.

Got a bunch of code done, didn’t really have much to eat. Had a beer. Watched the Untamed.

Didn’t get to sleep until like 5:30+ was not great.

4/22 Wednesday 33LS  Work Day 2 of 24

Woke up a bit before 9, have slept HORRIBLY. Had two fried eggs plus a tortilla plus cheese plus hot sauce for breakfast.  Working today. Alexis and Jakuza broke up :( 

Bean taco / quesadilla for lunch, followed by roasted cauliflower. It was excellent but burnt my hand taking it out of the oven. Damage appears to be functionally zero. Smugtown mushrooms and earth box order arrived today. 

Made whole wheat skillet brownies, they were okay but not great. Tired by 12, went to sleep earlyish.

4/23 Thursday 34LS, Work Day 3 of 24

Got up at approximately 8am (writing this at 8:15). Had a bite of brownie, it dried out pretty bad. 

Internet was out until ~11am. Therapy was frustrating, first 10 minutes were just troubleshooting trying to do it over the phone. After that, argued with Mike Malinovsky online, had lunch (bean quesadillas and some cucumber), started work in earnest. Not super happy with how much I got done today- Really just did the GW order and then marked a fuckton of (a little under six thousand) items for not-importing.

Doesn’t feel great to go through all your old work (that felt mediocre at the time) and delete it lol. It was rough too because it was harder to pinpoint what I should be doing. 

It’s 12:20am now. Going to head to bed shortly. Blegh.

4/24 Friday 35LS 

Woke up at 9.  Did some leetcode until 10, been unfocused ‘twixt 10-11. Cactus soil and pyrex arrived, used soil tester to find out yard is acidic but not infertile. Some seeds are sprouting. About to make breakfast. Was bean tacos (last of spam beans) and some sliced cucumber.

Roasted butternut squash, bit of cucumber in vinegar/miso/soy/ginger, and a fried egg for lunch. 3:46, have showered, washed clothes, done a bit of leetcode, a bit of learning how to learn.
4/25 Saturday 36LS

Woke up at 9, by the time I finished breakfast/etc (to now) it was 11:30. Fed starter, had massive crumpet for breakfast but put waaay too much baking soda in, wasn’t very good.

Black tea today. Dry storage stuff I ordered three weeks ago arrived. Lava lamp bulbs arrived shattered, not happy with that. Amazon seems like it’s going to refund them. Amber’s pregnant, so good job Mike lol. I think I do want to have kids. 

Made chana masala, was very good. 

Have gotten almost nothing done today. Not super happy- I think combination of cooking / distraction. 

4/26 Sunday 37LS

Got up around 9:10. I think getting started before checking my non-urgent messages is a useful tactic, “oh let me check what got said in the night” seems to be a procrastination trigger. Slept decently. Radiator hasn’t come on, a little worried about it. Very sexual dreams.

Breakfast is going to be chana masala w/ rice. Tea for the day is going to be the aged pu-erh. Trying a weirder number of Pomodoros today (14), and interleaving my tasks. Wrote them in the morning. Even if today works, I’m not confident this isn’t a correllative thing: I woke up feeling like my shit is pretty together, so I do this, and follow through. We’ll see. 

Watching the untamed for rainbow movie ‘night’ at 11-12:15ish, hopefully doesn’t throw off day’s schedule too much. Going to try to get laundry done in the meanwhile.

It threw off today’s schedule by a bit, not going to lie. It’s 2:45 now and I’ve gotten two pomodoros done. Made bread, was EXQUISITE.

8:23 and 8 pomodoros in, got off track until ~5 but am back-ish. Right now taking a lot of my leisure time mid-afternoon, would be better off eating my frogs first. Got through all 14 by end of night, went to sleep by 1ish.

4/27.2020 Monday 38LS Workday 4 of 24

Woke up at 7, brushed teeth. Had bread and chana masala, was great. Working now.

Lunch was panzanella. So far today has been much more productive at work. Got all the items marked for non-import, it’s 4, going to adjust inventory for two more hours then be done.

4/28/2020 Tuesday 39LS Workday 5/24
Forgot to do diary entry today. Was not super productive at work as I recall. Basically: began adjusting inventory per physical count. Spent a lot of time panicking about how long physical count was going to take. Matt turns out to be pretty great, it wasn’t that big a deal. After work was relatively uninteresting. Read a bit, but mostly browsed internet aimlessly and watched youtube.

4/29 Wednesday 40LS

Forgot to do diary entry.  Walked to Butcher Boys, got meats. Went to Price Chopper, took forever, got beans/etc. Got rum. My rune bones arrived from April. Cooked ribeye, was exquisite. Didn’t get much programming done. Got drunk, talked to people, sexted Chloe per her request. Still not really sure what our deal is. Sad over relationship stuff. Did not sleep well.

4/30 Thursday 41LS Workday 6 of 24
Rune: ᚦ
Woke up late today- so did work from 11-7. Had cereal for breakfast, ate the rest of it. Caught up with spreadsheet, didn’t have a ton else to do. Lunch was beans. Happy that things are going better at work than I was worried. Got through most of spreadsheet adjustment in POS. Did some of matrix_cells.py- thought I had perfection but Zach offered an even greater adjustment so now I need to hit that too. Have been worse at intermittent fasting- munched on a bunch of chocolate chips in the evening. Going to sleep sometime between 1:30-2am. Going to try to get better diary entries for the next few days, don’t want to lose the habit. Think I’m going to bake some tomorrow. Worried about the seedlings, will hopefully transfer them tomorrow as well.

5/1 Friday 42LS
Rune: ᚦ
Breakfast: toast, beans, cheese
Lunch: Spiedies and stale bread and salsa verde and yogurt
Tea: Feng Qing #17 Pure Bud Golden Needle Black Tea

Awake around 8:30. 
Finished two leetcode pomodoros early, got mostly done with matrix cells. Berger was satisfied, Zach showed me another good way. Got all the seedlings that sprouted in the ground and marked with sticks. 

I’ve done some leetcode, vacuumed my room, cleaned it a bunch more, did laundry. Very warm in my room (upper 70s). Ordered stamps/envelopes. Did budgeting. It’s 9:10 now. 

It’s 12:11pm, I am stillllll working on linked list but I think I have it almost figured out. I was using too few pointers. Feeling achey, not sure if dehydrated or tired or what. Got all my pomodoros done. Going to watch The Untamed and pass out. 


5/2 Saturday 43LS
Rune: ᚱ 
“Riding seems easy to every warrior while he is indoors
and very courageous to him who traverses the high-roads
on the back of a stout horse.”
Breakfast: spiedies and beans on rice, with a bit of salsa verde and yogurt
Lunch: Rice and beans and onions and potatoes, topped with yogurt
Tea: 2002 Chongqing Te Ji Tuo Cha Raw Pu-erh Tea

8:17 and I’m awake and brushed my teeth. Going to try to walk somewhere and hope wool socks are enough to protect my heels. Realized Chloe and I were kinda a thing? In a very attenuated way that tbh is about the extent of where she wants to be with anyone and also the extent I’m capable of right now I think. Weird to consider. I do need to set time aside when things calm down to visit and make her pizza and coffee and visit a cemetery. Took eight minutes to write all this, gotta remember that computer is a procrastination trigger as well as source of productivity.

Went for a nice 57 minute walk covering just under 3 miles. 

Still can’t grok linked lists. Have put hour and a half in today. Have done Learning how to Learn, checked email, showered, had breakfast and lunch, it’s 3:50. Going to do 2.5 more hours of leetcode, hit up fitness reading, gardening, and work out my budget for the month, not at all in that order. Then gonna watch some Untamed, maybe a bad movie, ideally talk to Cat and Chloe. 

It’s almost 8, on break before last pomodoro of the day, one more tilt at linked lists. I think I’m getting closer, but we’ll see. 

Got there by 9, have relaxed for two hours since. Have a lazy cocktail. Set up tomorrow’s to-do list, going a bit lighter on myself. Going to watch an ep of The Untamed (maaybe two), then drift off. Cleaning my room ysterday makes it feel so much nicer in here. I really need to get a litle bit more organizational stuff, then it’d be perfect. Otherwise I’m really happy with how today went.

5/3 Sunday 44 LS
Rune: ᚨ
“Óss is aged Gautr
and prince of Ásgardr
and lord of Vallhalla.”
Breakfast:
Lunch:
Tea: 2002 Chongqing Te Ji Tuo Cha Raw Pu-erh Tea

Woke up briefly at 7, then returned to slumber until almost 10, got up slowly, it’s now a little after 11am. Need to make breakfast.Temperature seems to have stabilized in my room, I’m not hitting those mid-80s overnight anymore, it hasn’t gotten above ~80 in a while. Bunch of typos as I write this, a little worried about that. Need to get Berger / Zach to review my code and also find a new problem to begin. Aside from that, going to do Learning How to Learn, read more from Training for the New Alpinism, and do plant maintenance today, aside from food.

Made breakfast and lunch until about 1:30 when dishes taken into account. Haven’t started pomodoros, going to do Learning How to Learn, work on refining the linked list, then start new problem.

It’s 4:40pm, have cut down to 8 pomodoros for the day. Learning how to learn, gardening, and fitness reading are done, as is one leetcode interval. Gonna leetcode, make cookie dough, leetcode, leetcode, relax.

5:55pm and have moved on to next leetcode problem, pretty happy with things overall. First warm warm day so far. 

5/4 Monday 45 LS, Work Day 7 / 24

Rune: ᛋ 
The sun is ever a joy in the hopes of seafarers
when they journey away over the fishes' bath,
until the courser of the deep bears them to land.
Breakfast: Chana Masala
Lunch:
Tea: 2002 Chongqing Te Ji Tuo Cha Raw Pu-erh Tea

Woke up at 6 before returning to fitful sleep until ~9:15ish. Last night’s episodes of The Untamed included Jiang Cheng’s parents who didn’t get along dying alongside each other, which hit me hard. I forgot to certify my benefits for last week until this morning, hopefully it doesn’t delay my payment more than a week. I’ll be okay regardless I just feel silly about it. Left windows open overnight and it got actually a bit chilly, it’s down to 62F in here, with what looks like stormy skies ahead. 

Feeling extremely, not creative, but easy-to-weave-threads-together today. Cookies turned out good but I should have used less espresso chips and more chocolate chips. 

Took second meds at 5pm today, we’ll see how that goes. Curious if there’s a correlation there. 

It’s 12:35. Didn’t really do anything after work, even watch TV. I def think I was much more creative but also WAY more emotionally sensitive off-meds. Learned about why you can’t take potatoes out of Newfoundland.  Got really frustrated with Bryan being just… so fucking passive-aggressive at work. Not sure if that’s actually a thing or just me being super sensitive.

I think it was in fact not having meds.

5/5 Tuesday 46LS Work Day 8/24
Rune: ᛖ
"The horse is a joy to princes in the presence of warriors.
A steed in the pride of its hoofs,
when rich men on horseback bandy words about it;
and it is ever a source of comfort to the restless."
Breakfast: Kielbasa and egg
Lunch: Kielbasa, chana masala
Tea: Feng Qing #17 Pure Bud Golden Needle Black Tea

Didn’t really get up until 9:30. Made breakfast and starting work. Ended up inefficiently working basically all day. Not really happy with myself on that. Bonita and I had a conversation wherein she jokingly was like “well if you ever decide you want a kid, a cup of semen on the right day of the month.” Noted, I guess? Burnt through a lot of podcasts. Ordered instacart.


5/6/2020 Wednesday 47LS Work Day 9/24
Rune: ᛖ (yes, twice in a row)
"The horse is a joy to princes in the presence of warriors.
A steed in the pride of its hoofs,
when rich men on horseback bandy words about it;
and it is ever a source of comfort to the restless."
Breakfast: Cereal
Lunch: Chana Masala
Tea: Feng Qing #17 Pure Bud Golden Needle Black Tea

Working on spreadsheet more today, going to try to bust through and get it set. Had therapy, was mostly just relating life events without processing a ton, but also found out it was free now so that’s nice. Instacart groceries should be arriving soon.

Blegh, did not finish spreadsheet. Disappointed in myself.







5/7 Thursday 48LS
Rune: ᛜ
"ᛝ Ing was first amidst the East Danes
so seen, until he went eastward
over the sea. His wagon ran after.
Thus the Heardings named that hero."
Freyr
Breakfast: Cereal
Lunch: Rossi’s
Tea: 2002 Chongqing Te Ji Tuo Cha Raw Pu-erh Tea


Didn’t sleep well, not writing this until almost noon. Had breakfast, brushed teeth, weight loss plan seems to vaguely be working. Left wrist feeling not great. Need to harden tomatoes today. Consider what long term plans are. Need to keep in touch with Chloe and Cat. Don’t really have strong feelings today other than disappointment from the other day and not feeling super accomplished.

It’s 3, haven’t done any pomodoros yet, although I’m going to be doing the last laundry transfer now.

4:30- I just can’t seem to concentrate. Going to try non-speech music. 

Didn’t. Didn’t manage to get 8 pomodoros in. Going to work on that for tomorrow- did at least solve the problem I’m working on now.

Think I want to start talking to ‘Nita more. Played a ton of Liero, it’s been good.


5/8 Friday 49LS
Rune: ᛋ 
The sun is ever a joy in the hopes of seafarers
when they journey away over the fishes' bath,
until the courser of the deep bears them to land.
Breakfast: slice of pizza prewalk, tamago kake gohan after.
Lunch: Pizza
Tea: Feng Qing #17 Pure Bud Golden Needle Black Tea

Woke up around 9:15, feeling pretty good. Going to take a walk from 10-11, then do ~14 pomodoros to try to be productive as fuck before 6:30 when I play Liero for a bit with people and then movie night. I’ve slotted some amount of socializing as productive which feels a little weird but whatever. Going to try to start the followup to Learning How to Learn today, it’s called Mindshift, supposedly not as good but we’ll see. 
It’s 12:50pm and I have 5 pomodoros done (2 morning exercise, 1 mindshift, 1 hygiene, 1 algos). I think the morning walk is just super important and I need to do it more.

1:30, having pizza lunch. 6 Pomodoros in. Cat had a dream where someone just hacked their dick off and he didn’t want to do anything and they had to take care of him. 

Movie night went well, talked with Nita a bunch, Chloe doesn’t seem to be super responsive lately, I’m a little worried about her. Cat also in same boat but I’m less worried about them, they just have infinite math. Nita gave me insights on the whole programming problem I was working on. 

5/9 Saturday 50LS
Rune: ᛗ
“The joyous man is dear to his kinsmen;
yet every man is doomed to fail his fellow,
since the Lord by his decree
will commit the vile carrion to the earth.”
Thus sayeth Mannaz

Breakfast: Pizza
Lunch: Fried potatoes w/ yogurt & salsa, lazy potato salad.
Tea: 2014 Yunnan Sourcing Impression Raw Pu-erh Tea Cake

Woke up at 7:30, didn’t really get up until around 8:20, it was way too warm, mid-80s. Snow on the roof outside in May because of course. Didn’t sleep well because booze. 

On the other hand it’s 10:15 and I’ve gotten two python pomodoros and two pull requests done so maybe I should just be going to sleep like this every night lol.

That slowed down over the rest of the day, kinda stalled out later. Did get everything done though.

And now I can’t sleep. So whoops. HAd rough conversation with Cat, worried we’re like, slowly falling out. Trying not to care because I have realized that frankly caring produces negative feedback reaction.

5/10 Sunday 51LS
Rune: ᚲ
The torch is known to every living man
by its pale, bright flame; it always burns
where princes sit within.
Breakfast: Brownie and leftover potato and kale miso
Lunch: flatbread and lentils

Woke up at like 7:30 which was maybe three hours of sleep, stayed semi-awake until 11ish, now up-ish. Going to see how today goes without pomodoros but still with to-dos.

Down b/c I think I’m more realistic about my long-term relationship status, which is alone.

5/11 Monday 52LS Work 10/24 
Rune:ᛃ 
season/harvest/prosperity

Breakfast: flatbread and lentils
Lunch: flatbread and lentils

Slept badly, but had good conversation with Cat this morning. They’re down too, hope I can help them. Work today. I think finished spreadsheet. We’ll see. Square retail not handling it. Sooooo vomit emoji.

Now it’s 10pm and I am done.

5/12 Thuesday 53LS Work 11/24
Rune: ᛉ
The Elk-sedge usually lives in the fen,
growing in the water. It wounds severely,
staining with blood any man
who makes a grab at it.
Breakfast: Lentil flatbread
Lunch:: makeshift pizza, caesar salad

Did work all day, forgot to write in diary. Still didn’t really accomplish much.

5/13 Wednesday 54LS 
Rune: ᚢ
The aurochs is proud and has great horns;
it is a very savage beast and fights with its horns;
a great ranger of the moors, it is a creature of mettle.
OR
Rain is lamentation of the clouds
and ruin of the hay-harvest
and abomination of the shepherd.
Breakfast: Lentils with egg
Lunch: sushi

Trying to get back on track after three not very productive days. Only going to do twelve pomodoros today. Medium term plan is to give up on not being a weirdo and just work towards having household of wife/pet/Chloe. Probably not what I end up on but oh no what if I became a more attractive partner and had more money for nothing. 
[note from later: mom took me to groceries on this day, accompanying me and driving me]
Got a bit done before groceries, have been bad at doing anything in almost two hours after. About to start reading, then hit leetcode. Did some leetcode, did laundry, going to clean. 

Mostly didn’t do tooo much past laundry.

5/14 Thursday 55LS Workday 12/24
Rune: ᚠ
“Wealth is a comfort to all;
yet must everyone bestow it freely,
if they wish to gain honour in the sight of the Lord.”
Breakfast: Krave cereal
Lunch: Lentil tacos
Tea: 2014 Yunnan Sourcing Impression Raw Pu-erh Tea Cake

I need to turn lava lamps and radiator off overnight, they’re my biggest determinant of poor sleep. Went to sleep pretty early but slept only kinda okay. Woke up and kinda up by 8:30am. Have had breakfast. Made a plan for work today, we’ll see how it goes. 

Seems to be going well. Got all RPGs done, not much else. Went to bed and slept well.







5/15 Friday 56LS
Rune: ᛏ
TYR TIME
“[sic] is a (guiding) star; well does it keep faith
with princes; it is ever on its course
over the mists of night and never fails.”
Breakfast: 255g Lentisl & 1 fried Egg
Post-walk: whole mlk
Lunch: Chicken Adobo
Tea: Not really any, some of the black.

Woke up early, left windows open all night, but slept well. Heard Chris (roommate/landlord) leave to go to work by 6, was actually awakeish by 7, am now up and dressed by 8:30, going on a walk 9-10am. I keep attaching to people in a way I’m not entirely comfortable with, I’m going to have to think about how I deal with that. One of the tomato plants is flowering, I don’t have the heart to trim it. About to go make breakfast, I feel pretty good and optimistic about the day. I thiiink that’s just any day I get myself to exercise (which is jumping the gun, I technically haven’t yet, but I’m going to).

Exercise went okay. I didn’t get as much done as I wanted otherwise. Cat is def not interested in me as more than friend, which: This is Fine. Movie night canceled. Wasn’t as bad as that makes it sound. Started pizza levain. Mom dropped off cauliflower and strawberries.

5/16 Saturday 57LS
Rune: ᚲ
The torch is known to every living man
by its pale, bright flame; it always burns
where princes sit within.
Breakfast: Chicken Adobo w/ Rice
Lunch: Chicken Adobo w/ Rice
Tea: 2014 Yunnan Sourcing Impression Raw Pu-erh Tea Cake

Woke up, pizza took infinite time, so it’s 1 already ugh. Trying to help Chloe find fingerprinting place. 

Much later, like 8pm: Didn’t succeed at helping Chloe :(  Pizza dough balls probably going to be okay. Have done okay progess at python despite not spending a ton of time on it. 

It’s about 1:20am. Got through some but not all my tasks. Frustrated with not being able to help Chloe, had a bunch of conversation that should have been good with Cat but I am selfishly like, slightly disinclined to be interested in them while they’re just gushing about dude, and also for the second or third time they just didn’t understand a thing I said which is high-key maddening (not in a way that is their fault but blegh). I literally had to check with someone else to make sure I wasn’t losing it. 

I got really annoyed when I was making pizza when it wasn’t working initially, was being a huge mess, and Chloe needed help, and then Matt asked me a question. I think it was reasonable frustration resulting from being stuck doing something unpleasant and additional urgent tasks were piling up, but I’m noting it. 

I miss Suzie-as-confidante, even damaged as that relationship was at the end. I’m at a point where like, it doesn’t bother me if I don’t think about it, and I can almost think about it easily without any suffering- it’s been kinda eerie the last month how little it’s bugged me. Except I’d still say probably a third to half the days I hit “oh. Right.” I don’t know that it will ever really get better, because I don’t think there’s a version of events where I reach the spot I was at, and it’s shitty to contemplate the rest of my life being downhill, even though that’s… kinda likely? I’m trying very hard to consider things positively. Mom tried to be upbeat the other day when we talked about it. I’m trying to imagine this as a chance to do the other stuff in life but it’s so hard to measure myself without reference to how someone else feels about me. But I don’t think I would go back even if I could, fucked up as that is. 

Going to try to go to sleep.

5/17 Sunday 58 LS
Rune: ᛗ
“The joyous man is dear to his kinsmen;
yet every man is doomed to fail his fellow,
since the Lord by his decree
will commit the vile carrion to the earth.”
Thus sayeth Mannaz
Breakfast: pizza lol
Lunch: chicken tacos
Tea: 2014 Yunnan Sourcing Impression Raw Pu-erh Tea Cake

Slept reasonably I guess, but probably only sixish hours. Churchbell plus mournful howling from the huskies two doors down makes it hard to sleep past 8am although I woke up having to pee at 7:17. Going to take a dough ball out of the fridge and make breakfast pizza (although prob not literally in that style). Still feeling somewhat down. Thought of roommate Sam (not Mayotte) from 2014, don’t remember her last name. Not concerned about it. Trying to think, per Mannaz, about how I want to handle myself in relation to other humans.

Pizza was a catastrophe- caught on the cutting board as I put it in, accordioned onto itself. Still edible but blegh. 

Took walk, felt good, made tacos, felt good. I’m barely under my caloric intake for the day (and will be over when I have booze later if I do). Put it on the Berger slack. 

Carbon Monoxide / Smoke particulate alarm went off twice randomly without any reason I can notice, bit worried about that, but only rang twice. 

Ended up finishing some leetcode, mindshift, and cleaning, but not as much leetcode or watching the algo video as I would like. Hit a point where I failed to even watch tv/have rum. Feeling down.

5/18 Monday 59LS Workday 13/24
Rune ᚷ
“Generosity brings credit and honour, which support one’s dignity;
it furnishes help and subsistence
to all broken men who are devoid of aught else.”
Breakfast: eggs on tortilla with enchilada sauce
Lunch: Chicken taco, maybe egg or bean taco

Slept well I think, woke up feeling pretty down. Per today’s rune I offered Orion money to help with their vet bills but they’re okay on that front. Had a good conversation with chouxflower last night on stimslack about conversations on the internet and toxicity, but it also made me grapple with how much of my self-image is performative / based on what other people think of me, and I don’t know how to deal with that. I tried to talk to Cat about it but they didn’t really seem to get it.

Work was miserable, I got distracted very easily and got almost nothing done. Orion’s cat died. I’m in less down a mood than these sound but still very… I don’t have much going on in terms of a future that I care about. Looking forward to therapy this week. 

Talked with Bonita about dating. Idk- I’m getting a weird vibe from our conversations.

5/19 Tuesday 60LS Workday 14/24
Rune ᚦ
“Thurs ("Giant") causes anguish to women,
misfortune makes few men cheerful.”
“The thorn is exceedingly sharp,
an evil thing for any thegn to touch,
uncommonly severe on all who sit among them.”
Breakfast: cereal
Lunch: chicken thigh tacos

Woke up, consoled Cat about the dude they want to fuck not talking to them today. Waiting for pop tart breakfast cereal to arrive in the mail. Work today, going to try for specific pomodoros. After that going to take a half hour z1 walk. Then watch some Untamed. 
First part of work went well. Not amazing but feel much more like I did something useful.

Lunch was decent.

Second part of work went even better. Much more satisfied with it than yesterday. Took walk, haven’t really done much else. Pretty alright with stuff though. Need to tweak but not doing too badly. 

5/20 Wednesday 61LS
Rune: ᛗ
“The joyous man is dear to his kinsmen;
yet every man is doomed to fail his fellow,
since the Lord by his decree
will commit the vile carrion to the earth.”
Breakfast: Cereal
Lunch: Chicken taco
Tea: 2014 Yunnan Sourcing Impression Raw Pu-erh Tea Cake

Cat going to get along with new guy, temporarily dashing my evil hopes but a thing I am actually happy for.  Couldn’t sleep until 4am+ last night, didn’t wake up really until ~11. Feeling okay, haven’t been too rough on myself just b/c so much happier with yesterday than Monday. I had ordered sushi for myself on Thursday last night so I’m looking forward to that. Life is actually pretty good overall. Down to 255ish pounds. Need to dial up my exertion a little on fitness thing tomorrow I think. 

Emotionally I don’t think I have a ton going on of interest other than like, lonely but I don’t know if I’meven really lonely as just sexually frustrated. And want to be able to have people over to eat my cooking. Okay yes lonely. The lilac tree is attracting bumblebees and it makes me very happy. Realized I should put a padding element on the chair today, tring that out. I also want to get a level at some point, I’m really curious how tilted this room is.

I didn’t get a ton done today, need to work on that a bit. Berger offered ~$500/month coding contract which w00t.  Made sauerkraut and yogurt!










5/21 Thursday 62LS Workday 15/24
Rune: ᛁ
“Ice is very cold and immeasurably slippery;
it glistens as clear as glass and most like to gems;
it is a floor wrought by the frost, fair to look upon.”
Breakfast: eggs on tortilla w/ yogurt
Lunch: Sushi!!!
Tea: 2014 Yunnan Sourcing Impression Raw Pu-erh Tea Cake

Woke up, started therapy before really writing in here so didn’t get a ton written. Still feeling okayish but not excellent. Not a ton going on, mostly did work. Felt alright but didn’t concentrate very hard in the beginning of the days and so took until almost 3am to finish. I did make yogurt and bread and they both seem set to turn out well. 


5/22 Friday 63LS 
Rune: ᛈ
"Peorð is a source of recreation and amusement to the great, where warriors sit blithely together in the beerhall."
Breakfast: Hopefully fresh bread with butter and jam, and yogurt.
Lunch: Deep fried chicken
Tea: 2014 Yunnan Sourcing Impression Raw Pu-erh Tea Cake

Got up fairly late, almost 10am. Have brushed teeth, done rune, done weight, going to start laundry and baking, then read alpinism and watch Mindshift. Big tasks for today are baking, transferring the tomatoes to the Earthbox, and responding to the github pull request stuff Berger has put in. I might have a day where everything I eat will have been made from scratch, which is pretty sick.

Made great bread, very mediocre chicken. Got very little done. Fucked things up with Cat by trying to explain their own area of expertise to them.

5/23 Saturday 64LS
Rune: ᛉ
“The Elk-sedge usually lives in the fen,
growing in the water. It wounds severely,
staining with blood any man
who makes a grab at it.”
Breakfast: Toast with butter, yogurt
Lunch: Roasted Cauliflower on toasts with (mayo or enchilada sauce)
Tea: raw pu-erh

Stayed up late, got up late again. Feeling pretty down but less unable to focus than yesterday, but also got up super late. I’m writing this around noon. Read a fuckton of Achewood, emphasized with Roast Beef pretty hard.

Feeling the ol’ despair hit me good today after that. There’s a pigeon on the edge of the roof and I love it. Everything beautiful is far away. I miss Angel. I’m apparently crying a little? Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. What is the point of me? Like, am I just here to slightly bring down everyone’s good time but not enough to make it worth kicking me out. 
 
About an hour later: Suzie is going through the online divorce papers. Apparently valentine’s day this year was the one year anniversary of no sex. Not doing real great today diary. 

Brain fog through a bunch of the early afternoon, but food and physical activity seem to help.

Got planting tomatoes in Earthbox done. Met neighbor who is kinda cute (not sure how much this is just me being starved) and divorced and laid off. 

Cat was clearly worried about me. 

5/24 Sunday 65LS
Rune: ᚾ [need/distress]
“Trouble is oppressive to the heart;
yet often it proves a source of help and salvation
to the children of men, to everyone who heeds it betimes.”
Breakfast: Yogurt, toast, butter
Lunch:

Woke up earlier today. Feeling a bit better. Was def too up my own ass to think about how to be a better friend to Cat, which I feel bad about. I need to take better care of them. No, that’s not appropriate, but I should be mindful about the degree to which self-isolating over the fear of being unpleasant is also unpleasantness. You don’t have to complete the work of the world but you can’t abandon it, etc. I’m going to try to focus more on getting stuff done this morning and afternoon and putting off socializing until the evening, we’ll see how that goes. 

Trainingpeaks + myfitnesspal + mi band seems to be doing ok. I should try for another movie night. 

Did walk, feels good. Didn’t do a ton else.





5/25 Monday 66LS Workday 16/24
Rune: ᛞ 
Dagaz
“Day, the glorious light of the Creator, is sent by the Lord;
it is beloved of men, a source of hope and happiness to rich and poor,
and of service to all.”
Breakfast: Molletes w/ cheddar and salsa verde
Lunch: fish tacos
Tea: raw pu-erh

Woke up fine, did work all day. It hit 90F in the room before I noticed it was a problem, but I think I was overheated a bunch of the day tbh. Feel a bit better about my productivity today compared to most days at work. I’ve been playing Liero with Berger & the DOPS chat which has been fun. Expenditures have trended down now that I’ve been here a bit and settled into a rhythm, which is nice. I think June budget should be a lot easier, but will have to hit some quality of life items like air conditioner. We’ll see how the fan does, it’s gotten hot enough that I set it up over the radiator tonight.  Fan seems to be doing significant work though.

Offered to help random high schooler collect cans, so I have to set those out tomorrow. Mi Band 4 has been increasingly obviously mediocre as actual fitness tracker. Tomatoes seem to be doing okay outside in the Earthbox. I still need to actually buy stuff to put out the mushrooms.

Savings seem comfortably over $4000 and should stay there. Feels good. 

Neighbor who is kinda cute is named Lisa. I think this is 100% just quarantine horny but knowing neighbors seems nice regardless. 

Did another dumb reaction with Cat, this time panicked when risque comment went a while without a response, apologized, they were frustrated because they were just working.

Stayed up too late but had a good talk with Kyle Wind about the state of the world, depression, etc. 











5/26 Tuesday 67LS Workday 17/24
Rune: ᛏ
TYR 
“[sic] is a (guiding) star; well does it keep faith
with princes; it is ever on its course
over the mists of night and never fails.”
Breakfast: Molletes
Lunch: 
Tea: raw pu-erh

Woke up super early, like, 6am early. Have gotten my internet browsing and stuff in already, watched the Half in the Bag for the day, and made a pull request (PR) for my second medium leetcode problem (which really should have been done earlier, tbh, just tried to find the perfect solution). It’s 8:49 as I write this, about to take meds and start making breakfast. Temp is staying at 73, will start fan once it approaches 80. Messaged Christina a bit, as well as Bonita. Had weird sex dreams last night (not about them). 

Didn’t get as much done as I would like at work, the heat is starting to really affect my productivity not gonna lie. Investigated downstairs AC unit and saw it’s about 40 years old. Fell asleep on couch.

5/27 Wednesday 68LS
Rune:  ᚠ
“Wealth is a comfort to all;
yet must everyone bestow it freely,
if they wish to gain honour in the sight of the Lord.”
Breakfast: bean and cheese taco topped with fried egg because i’m lazy
Lunch: Carrot / onion / tomato stew with a bit of bread, and then steak spiedies.
Tea: It’s 80+ degrees all day, no tea, only arranciata.

Woke up on couch, it’s 9:40, gonna investigate upstairs shortly. I need to do groceries this morning or this evening. 

No strong feeling right now really, just being lazy, haven’t done much in the hour since waking up and writing that first line, about to take meds which prob help with that slightly 
They seem to’ve. Ended up getting a fuckton of exercise today via grocery trip. 

Was burnt out but still busted out a leetcode problem tonight. Got steak spiedies, sausage, meatballs, eggs, anchovies, at Butcher Boys, then from Down to Earth Whole Foods I got milk, san marzano tomatoes in a can because they didn’t have jarred ones, garlic, a big peanut butter cookie, tofu, and hard cider. Might go back to Butcher Boys fri/sat to pick up a giant thing of steaks tbh.
Overall pretty satisfied with my day in a way I haven’t been in a bit.
5/28 Thursday 69LS Workday 18/24
Rune:ᛃ 
season/harvest/prosperity
Breakfast: bean and cheese tacos
Lunch: carrot/onion/tomato stew + steak spiedie tacos
Tea: none for now

Woke up around 7:30, talked with Bonita a bit. It’s 9am now, temp down to mid-70s and it feels so good (although humidity is up at 62%, god I hope that won’t last). Work is idk. We’ll see. 

Got a bunch done but not enough.

Blegh. Also it got way more humid. Basically just did work and that. 

5/29 Friday 70LS 
Rune: ᛏ
TYR 
“[sic] is a (guiding) star; well does it keep faith
with princes; it is ever on its course
over the mists of night and never fails.”
Breakfast: carrot/onion/tomato stew + fried egg on top
Lunch: very late lunch, a bean and cheese taco + cornbread and butter
Tea: still pass

I’ve been trying to console Cat all morning since music dude broke up ish with them. Seeing a lot of myself in dude’s shitty behavior. Not thrilled with it. 

Spent a lot of time talking through that, and then playing a fuckton of liero. No more public rooms, I can spend too much time there- I was literally stiff from staying in the same position too long. 

5/30 Saturday 71LS
Rune: ᛇ
“The yew is a tree with rough bark,
hard and fast in the earth, supported by its roots,
a guardian of flame and a joy upon an estate.”
Breakfast: cornbread and kerrygold butter
Lunch: A whole sausage and last of old sauerkraut and some of the quick-pickled cabbage.

Woke up at 11:30, have been slow to get going all day. About to start planting all the random garlic/etc that have sprouted, then be otherwise focused. Not feeling awful about it or committing too hard. Argued with tbb (abram jopp) a bunch last night and it reminds me that these arguments aren’t particularly productive. Committed to donating $500 to Minneapoilis in wake of the riots, because that IS productive- I don’t want to have the right thoughts, I want to do the right deeds. 

Got all garlic and onion planted.  Didn’t really do much else. Blegh.

5/31 Sunday 72LS
Rune: ᚦ
“Thurs ("Giant") causes anguish to women,
misfortune makes few men cheerful.”
“The thorn is exceedingly sharp,
an evil thing for any thegn to touch,
uncommonly severe on all who sit among them.”
Breakfast: cornbread and kerrygold butter and milk
Lunch: bean tacos

Woke up fairly late, didn’t do much between 11:30 when I got up and 1, when I went to Mom’s to get planters and stop by Agway. It’s 4 now and I finally have the wine cap mushroom spawn I bought in early April set out in the yard, along with having repotted the basil I bought aeons ago and planted some cilantro in a big container, and put out some garen soil in a mound for corn. Super unhopeful about that last one but we’ll see.
I have 3 hours between now (4) and D&D, my goals are to walk for an hour, do mindshift and watch some videos on algos, and work on leetcode problems. I also have to make and eat lunch although honestly I’m not super hungry. Just going to use the last of the refried beans along with some cheese and salsa I think. After D&D I want to make more yogurt for later in the week, along with chana masala and rice for tomorrow. 

I didn’t do those, but I did get walk done.

6/1 Monday 73LS Workday 19/24
Rune: ᚨ
“Óss is aged Gautr
and prince of Ásgardr
and lord of Vallhalla.”
Breakfast: cornbread and kerrygold butter and milk
Lunch: Chana Masala with rice

Woke up around 8. Donated $500 to help rebuild a barbershop all of Abram’s class get their haircuts in (since it got fucked up in the riots, he says probably by white supremacists). Feels good to have done something useful. Donated $100 to rebuild the park.

Haven’t written about following the Floyd George protests in here much so far but they’ve been occupying my attention a bunch the last few days, obviously. Things have been pretty peaceful in Binghamton, we had a fire in the rec park but it was random teenagers. Then the president said he’d deploy the military against protestors. FUCCCCKKKKKKK. AAAAAAAA.

6/2 Tuesday 74LS Workday 20/24
Rune: ᛇ
“The yew is a tree with rough bark,
hard and fast in the earth, supported by its roots,
a guardian of flame and a joy upon an estate.”
Breakfast: Cornbread, butter, salt, milk
Lunch: Fried rice

Stayed up late, found out cuteish divorcee neighbor is 47, about to be a grandmother, and her son and husband were super conservative. I’ll talk to her but plan should be “not engage”

In what that one post called “the dark playground” all day- wasn’t engaged with work enough to get it done before 3:30am, was guilty enough that I didn’t do anything else really. 

6/3 Wednesday 75LS 
Rune:  ᛋ
“The sun is ever a joy in the hopes of seafarers
when they journey away over the fishes' bath,
until the courser of the deep bears them to land.”
Breakfast: garlic fried rice plus eggs cooked in pan sauce
Lunch: stir fry of tofu/pickle/sauerkraut over rice

Slept poorly- lots of sleep paralysis nightmares. Woke up late but not incredibly so, I’m writing this at 11:10am. I have plans for the day: do mindshift and a bit of leetcode, clean, check the garden, watch algos. 

1:48, cleaning and breakfast and checking garden complete. Raining so I can’t do more outdoors. 

Did walk but nothing else basically, I made yogurt I guess?.

6/4 Thursday 76LS Workday 21/24
Rune: ᚢ
“The aurochs is proud and has great horns;
it is a very savage beast and fights with its horns;
a great ranger of the moors, it is a creature of mettle.”
Breakfast: rice + chana masala
Lunch: rice + chana masala + fish taco
Woke up barely in time for therapy, did that, started work, didn’t have breakfast until like noon.
Was decently productive but didn’t get a ton else done. Slept okay. Strained yogurt uh a lot, it’s basically labneh now.

6/5 Friday 77LS
Rune: ᛗ
“The joyous man is dear to his kinsmen;
yet every man is doomed to fail his fellow,
since the Lord by his decree
will commit the vile carrion to the earth.”
Breakfast: tamago kake gohan
Lunch: chana masala + rice + yogurt

Woke up early, have been lazy all day since. It’s 1:40pm now, going to write out here and then I think watch Mindshift and do some other stuff. I need to contact the peel company today as well.

Well it’s 4pm and I didn’t so much  do that lol. Also it’s about 87F in here so not great. About to shower.

DIdn’t really get much done rest of day but watched mindshift and did some leetcode.

6/6 Saturday 78LS

Rune: ᛖ
"The horse is a joy to princes in the presence of warriors.
A steed in the pride of its hoofs,
when rich men on horseback bandy words about it;
and it is ever a source of comfort to the restless."
Breakfast: Chana masala + rice + yogurt
Lunch: Fried tofu, sauerkraut, cauliflower, and onion, with yogurt
Tea: 

Woke up and lazed in bed until around 10, have brushed teeth, writing in diary now obviously. Caught up in following current events a ton lately- with the protests and everything it’s hard not to engage online with people. I’m obviously a police abolitionist but most people (understandably) aren’t. Been arguing with Abram a bunch. I’m amused how much he keeps claiming the rationality high ground when like… guess who gets proved right every time our models are tested against one another lol. I’m still occasionally sad about the divorce but I’m not terribly worried. It sucks but I can’t and wouldn’t go back if I could.

I’ve donated $800 over the last week to causes ($500 to Minneapolis barbershop, $100 to Rec park to help it rebuild, $100 to Josh Swaner to buy supplies to help out in Minneapolis, $100 to Binghamton PLOT). PLOT at least is a thing I’m going to work on giving more money to. 

I haven’t been happy with my productivity the last two weeks, but I’m not sure how to address it. I think some of it is just a reluctance to initiate combined with the need to follow and discuss the news and I’m going to see if I can, awful as this sounds, tune out a bit except for stuff I can effect.

I bought $85 worth of porterhouse steaks on sale at Butcher Boys, did decently but not well enough at the walk there and back. Accomplished most of what I set out to do (finished my first ‘hard’ problem yay) but took me a long time.

6/7 Sunday 79LS
Rune: ᛁ
“Ice is very cold and immeasurably slippery;
it glistens as clear as glass and most like to gems;
it is a floor wrought by the frost, fair to look upon.”
Breakfast: Oatmeal and yogurt
Lunch: Meatball pizza

Woke up early, am writing this at 9:34. Plan is to hit the ground running (not literally) by 10. I slept alright, watched a squirrel dig through the corn mound in the backyard so pretty sure why those haven’t sprouted yet :p . Below 250 pounds for the first time in a while. Hope to keep that up. Today gotta work on the hard problem in leetcode, make sure I give the tomatoes nutrients along with water, and check on the other plants. Aside from that and showering and Mindshift (if I’m reading this in the future, I should say that Learning How to Learn and it’s sequel Mindshift are both courses on Coursera) that’s pretty much my day plan. I have to visit Wegmans in person this week I think to pick up my prescription.  Super hyped for pizza. Also I need to start reading through my library books shortly. The Overstory in particular since Moby Dick I can get easier in other methods. In general I’ve had a hard time doing sustained focused recreation, I don’t know how to work on that.

I feel pretty decent though overall. Oatmeal and yogurt breakfast was really good. I think I want to see if I can start a neighborhood mutual aid society. 

PIzza came out mostly good but crust was pale/had a gum line. That said I’m happy it worked, I’ll just need to tweak it next time.

I need to stop arguing with TBB, it takes up too much time. I got about half of what I wanted to do today done, not necessarily because of that. Did manage to get walk in, it was good. Cat and music dude are together-esque. 

Mom dropped off potatoes, milk, and mint. I trimmed the basil I’ve been keeping alive since my first wegmans visit, hopefully that doesn’t kill it.

6/8 Monday 80LS Workday 22/24
Rune: ᚦ
“Thurs ("Giant") causes anguish to women,
misfortune makes few men cheerful.”
“The thorn is exceedingly sharp,
an evil thing for any thegn to touch,
uncommonly severe on all who sit among them.”
Breakfast: 2 fried eggs + meatball
Lunch: fettucine & meatballs

Worked a bunch today, got a ton done. Still not really happy with my productivity level but think that’s likely true for a while no matter what. Better than previously. Had sad talks with ‘Nita, Cat is doing well-ish but processing their reaction with music dude. I made good plans for food for the near future, mildly worried about the ants, need to invest in dry storage I think. 

Thought about what my plans were, kinda want to sleep with Nita, know that’s a very bad idea. I don’t need ties to Binghamton or Suzie’s social circle. Also I’m pretty sure we’d make it like six months before she was pregnant which has a certain appeal but I need to use this time to fully transform myself before returning to settling down. 

6/9 Tuesday 81LS Workday 23/24 [NB: It is likely that work will be extended through July. I intend to continue using it as fractions of 24 for amusement]

Rune: ᛉ
“The Elk-sedge usually lives in the fen,
growing in the water. It wounds severely,
staining with blood any man
who makes a grab at it.”
Breakfast: Sourdough pikelets
Lunch: Chicken tacos
Tea: Supposed to get to 90F today, will pass on tea.

Woke up a little before 8. Definitely having some weird feelings about Nita, which I’m pretty sure I could bring to fruition and really don’t think are a good idea. There’s a certain appeal to just nesting down again but this is not the time or place I want to do so. I also need to remember to be recording things that happen in here, that’s like, the whole point lol. Nothing super interesting HAS happened so far today obviously. 

I should get solar panels this year to charge my laptop. 

Doomscrolled for like five hours after 6pm, I need to just not be on twitter.

6/10 Wednesday 82LS
Rune: ᛗ
“The joyous man is dear to his kinsmen;
yet every man is doomed to fail his fellow,
since the Lord by his decree
will commit the vile carrion to the earth.”
Breakfast: Chicken “soup” (chicken and onion in the broth from yesterday)
Lunch: PIzza-esque thing.

Woke up early but have been not very focused with my time. It’s 12:40, 82.2F, 62% humidity. Pursuing AC unit. Goals for today: get kitchen cleaned to diminish ant appeal. Do weeding in the evening. Get groceries. Do python.

Sex drive going up which idk. 

Got groceries, and then got AC unit from Ryan and Mindi thanks to Mom helping, it is SO GOOD. Had some booze after.

6/11 Thursday 83LS Workday 24/24
Rune: ᚠ
“Wealth is a comfort to all;
yet must everyone bestow it freely,
if they wish to gain honour in the sight of the Lord.”
Breakfast: Pop Tart Cereal
Lunch: The saddest pizza attempt
Dinner: the rest of the cereal and pizza oops
Beverage: Watermelon sparkling water

Just sorta worked all day. Didn’t really do much other than that. Forgot to take afternoon meds.  Ate more than i should by a lot. Did very little. Writing this on Friday.

6/12 Friday 84LS
Rune: ᚢ
“The aurochs is proud and has great horns;
it is a very savage beast and fights with its horns;
a great ranger of the moors, it is a creature of mettle.”
Breakfast: Oatmeal
Lunch: Sushi

Woke up at 8, haven’t done a ton, worried about basil. Trying a more itemized but less time-bound to-do-list today. Definitely at the ‘meat-o-vision’ stage of lonely/horny. Getting medicine today. Bought crumpet rings. I had a nice walk with Bonita that was actually just a nice walk but I have to admit there was a bit where she was sitting on the couch where I was like “ah shoot I do want to sleep with her.” I need to find someone else to fixate on if I’m going to do that, she is a good friend and also the worst possible option. Got a bunch done but not the take-home assignment Zach gave me which is kinda the biggest part of my day. Going to have to do that tomorrow. 

6/13 Saturday 85LS
Rune: ᚲ
The torch is known to every living man
by its pale, bright flame; it always burns
where princes sit within.
Breakfast: sourdough discard crumpet, jam, butter
Lunch: Porterhouse


Woke up around 8, have been talking to Bonita a bunch today including without really intentionally per se going through a lot of what she specifically likes sexually, so that was weird. I think we might end up doing stuff but I’m not sure, I know it would be a bad idea. I don’t know that that would stop me. 

Tried the homework, didn’t really succeed, disheartening. New fitness watch, did a 40 minute walk with it that seems to confirm I need to up my pace. Not thrilled. Went to bed early.


6/14 Sunday 86LS
Rune: ᛇ
“The yew is a tree with rough bark,
hard and fast in the earth, supported by its roots,
a guardian of flame and a joy upon an estate.”
Breakfast: porterhouse and a cup of milk
Lunch: roasted cauliflower and fried tofu and a cup of milk
Woke up laaaate, wasn’t really out of bed until 11. Made steak, did weight, not really changed from last week. Need to do a bunch of stuff today. Pizza dough looks like it’s coming along nicely at least. Also it’s amusing that since getting the air conditioner I’ve mostly not needed it. 

Formed dough balls, made a ton of progress on the take home assignment from Zach, did a nice hour walk and with Ross’ secondhand heart monitor it’s a lot easier to keep my heart rate dialed in. Repotted mint, watered everything and since it’s every other sunday used fertilizer,, tried planting corn again (but we’ll see if it survives the squirrels).  Crumpet rings arrived so tomorrow I get to have crumpets and pizza which sounds cool as heck. Made leaven to make bread as well so it’ll be ready Tuesday. On track to do almost all of my to-do list. Feeling really good. Working reading slots in seems to help with that too, silly as it is. 

Finished almost everything, but at 11pm Chloe asked for help because her aunt was taking advantage of her being in Florida to throw out a bunch of her/her mom/her late grandfather’s stuff. Bonita couldn’t help, but Nate Cator did, we went up (I got to tell him , got what we could, I took pictures, and headed back. He dropped me off, then I catalogued the stuff, then found out I was locked out without keys. After about 45 minutes of faffing about I managed to get inside through kitchen window at 2am. Amazing. It’s 2:40 now and I’ve brushed my teeth, and now I’m going to go to sleep. I got thirteen pomodoros done today and could have done a fourteenth but helping Chloe takes precedence.  All in all, whew. 

6/15 Monday 87LS Workday 25/24
Rune: ᛉ
“The Elk-sedge usually lives in the fen,
growing in the water. It wounds severely,
staining with blood any man
who makes a grab at it.”
Breakfast: Sourdough Crumpets
Lunch: Pepperoni Pizza (homemade)
Tea: 2014 Yunnan Sourcing Impression Raw Pu-erh Tea Cake

Slept fitfully, woke up a little before 8, got up at 9:30, writing this at 9:40. Have decided my long-term goal is to acquire a big-ass house for me and my nerd harem because fuck it why go for normal goals it’s the apocalypse. 

Going to try to get a bit more done today aside from work / at work. I don’t know where I stand with Bonita, some of the stuff seems really flirty. Who knows.

DIdn’t. Booo.

6/16 Tuesday 88LS Workday 26/24
Rune: ᛟ
“[An estate] is very dear to every man,
if he can enjoy there in his house
whatever is right and proper in constant prosperity.”
Breakfast: Oatmeal in yogurt whey, cup of milk
Lunch: Pepperoni Pizza (homemade)
Tea: 2014 Yunnan Sourcing Impression Raw Pu-erh Tea Cake

Woke up at 9ish, had food, got dressed, have basically done no work between now and 2:15. Testing if Bonita will contact me if I don’t reach out first- I think we’ve been getting weirdly flirty and I need to check if it’s me or her. I want her but know it would be an AWFUL idea. She didn’t contact me.

Baked bread, gave it to the older lady across the street, she gave me $1.50 in quarters. She’s very nice. 

Walked and things went well. Went to bed, slept okayish.

6/17 Wednesday 89LS Workday 27/24
Rune: : ᛃ 
season/harvest/prosperity
Breakfast: bread with butter and jam, milk
Lunch: pizza 

Did work, not much else, not much of even that. Too sedentary. Nita didn’t contact me, which is fine.

6/18 Thursday 90LS
Rune: ᚹ 
Who uses it knows no pain,
sorrow nor anxiety, and he himself has
prosperity and bliss, and also enough shelter. 
Breakfast: bread with butter and jam, milk
Lunch: stewed potato in tomato/onion sauce with bloomed spices

Grappling with despair, realizing this was the good half of the year, although a lot of that was yesterday. Slept decently, woke up early, having delicious breakfast. Therapy in a bit. Going to pick up my first VINES farmshare today. Need to do some PRs and leetcode. But first therapy and stoicism reading.

Therapy was solid, stoic reading, laundry, and some leetcode are done. Going to do lunch next. Crumpets with ‘Nita tomorrow. Have to get farmshare in between rain. 

Accepted being rained on, got amazing strawberries which were super ripe and so now are mostly jam, garlic scapes which took a long time to identify, and lettuce. Got ~13 pomodoros worth done today. Made yogurt. Shawn Graham was like “oh yeah you live near me!” which I wasn’t thrilled about, but I offered him bread next week. Had daiquiri with strawberry, it was GOOD. 










6/19 Friday 91LS
Rune: ᛇ
“The yew is a tree with rough bark,
hard and fast in the earth, supported by its roots,
a guardian of flame and a joy upon an estate.”
Breakfast: bread with butter and jam, milk, and some of the potato stuff from yesterday
Lunch: crumpets with butter and jam

Woke up super early (like, pre-7am), laid in bed a while, watched some Korean cooking videos (Kwon’s Corner on youtube is great). Berger has gotten back to me on some of the PRs. Had breakfast, going to go upstairs and get stuff done momentarily, it’s 9:45am now. Bonita is coming today for crumpets. 

3pm update: didn’t do much until noon, but got some cleaning done, and fed starter so I def have enough for crumpets. Did stoic reading, leetcode, put the yogurt in the fridge (will strain it tonight), did a serious cleaning, ran the laundry so my next task is going to be folding it then doing some hygiene then weeding outside then working on leetcode then changing, and taking my meds in prep. 

Well, forgot to take meds, but otherwise things went well. Made crumpets, played star realms on my bed. Haven’t gotten a ton done since. Later messaged her and had to hear about how her ex-boyfriend is AWFUL. “Had to” not because I mind hearing about her relationship stuff, she’s a good friend, but because good lord is he miserable. Ended up being like “okay no this is REALLY BAD.” 

We talked some more and ended up doing a zoom thing where I spectated her going through tinder lol, although not porn. I’m in a weird spot where I’m very attracted to her / know it’s a bad idea / the bad idea part makes it perversely more attractive / curious if I could. But also worried that I might make things worse for her.

6/20 Saturday 92LS
Rune: ᚠ
“Wealth is a comfort to all;
yet must everyone bestow it freely,
if they wish to gain honour in the sight of the Lord.”
Breakfast: toast with strawberry butter
Lunch: Stir fried cabbage and onions, cubed potato, and pollock with rice topped with fried eggs

Fell asleep between 2-3am, woke up at 6ish, fell back asleep, up at 10:30, writing this at 11. Need to do leetcode today for real. If I get that and a walk done I’ll be happy. Had what I hope is a good frank conversation with Nita. I explained exactly where I am. Am currently waiting with mild concern for reply but she’s said she’s out with her mom and so I expect it will be a while.

Have watched stuff on Big Oh / Omega/ Theta notations, going to start prepping lunch now by beginning rice cooker and starting to strain yogurt.

Made lunch, not a whole lot else going on. 

Got through some leetcode but not as uch as I would have ideally, otherwise things were kinda okay. Nita got back to me much later in the day (like, ten hours later) and was appreciative of me being nice. 

Blegh. 

6/21 Sunday 93LS
Rune: : ᛃ 
season/harvest/prosperity
Breakfast: toast + strawberry butter, with yogurt and milk
Lunch: Caesar salad and garlic scape fried rice

Woke up, was feeling kinda down, Chloe needed help grabbing stuff again, Bonita helped me, I am definitely hanging out with her too much to not be getting some weird attraction vibes on my end, ugh. That said went back up to 1468 Miner Circle and got stuff out of the trash for her (her aunt is chucking her grandfather’s stuff against the rest of the family’s will). 

Made lunch, it was good but took forever so now it’s 3pm and I’ve done that, gotten relatively little done but that’s fine. Worked on leetcode and github stuff including Zach’s takehome thing, did daily stoic reading. Didn’t finish any of the pull requests stuff which is disappointing.

Have since taken a nice walk. Am down ~23 lbs since mid-April. 

Drank ~3oz of rum over an hour period between 11 and midnight in the form of two mojitos. I really enjoy sugar and lime juice unsurprisingly, and my mint plant is doing well enough now that I felt harvesting some would be fine. My tomatoes are doing well and should hopefully start bearing fruit soon, cabbages are flourishing, the Josh Ochse seed garlic I bought last year same, and the wine cap mushrooms also. Everything else not so much. Talked to Chloe a bunch. I wish I could help her more, she’s not doing great thanks to her aunt. Talked to Christina too, she’s really nice.

6/22 Monday 94LS Workday 28/24
Rune: ᛇ
“The yew is a tree with rough bark,
hard and fast in the earth, supported by its roots,
a guardian of flame and a joy upon an estate.”
Breakfast:
Lunch:

Am trying new schedule where I get up at 8 on workdays so I definitely have time to do everything I want to (brush teeth / meds / breakfast / rune / walk) before work but it turns out that doesn’t feel too great when you don’t get to sleep until like 3am. Still, hopefully I’ll be in a good spot come 10am, we’ll see. No dreams that I recall, am feeling tired but otherwise ok. We’ve been having a bit of an ant problem, nothing horrific but they’re there, both regular size ones that have been exploring the kitchen (I’ve tried to clean more aggressively but at this point they’re probably mostly getting minor stuff off the floor and the water from the sink) and smaller ones in my room, who have decided to crawl across the monitor and remind me they exist. I’m holding off on ant traps just to see if they go away once they realize there’s no food in my room.

My calves faintly hurt, presumably from the ~69 minute walk last night to the base of Pheasant and back. Still going to walk this morning but planning on having it just be like…. Light refreshment not serious workout, I absolutely do worse at work when I’m hypersedentary. My practical goal for today is to recognize that and take regular movement breaks. My Stoic goal is to not languish in the cycle of avoidance/panic, but instead face the day head on. 

Tired means higher rate of typos, but budgeted time means more diary entry on a workday. Still trying to decide whether I want tamago kake gohan or oatmeal with strawberry jam or like, fried egg/potato and yogurt for breakfas, Going to check email, facebook, etc now that I have ~10 minutes between diary and breakfast to spare.

Work has been productive so far, not sure if that’s ordering being an easy task to be productive at, it being the first day of the week, or the morning routine (probably all three).

As things went on I got worse at doing stuff. I think that’s a couple different things. I need to try to stay in the pomodoro structure I think.

6/23 Tuesday 95LS Workday 29/24
Rune: ᛏ
TYR 
“[sic] is a (guiding) star; well does it keep faith
with princes; it is ever on its course
over the mists of night and never fails.”
Breakfast: Oreo O’s
Lunch: bean tacos

Am a bit behind on new schedule, going to write this quickly and then eat breakfast and maybe return to it. Woke up a little before 8, need to remember to turn my lava lamps off at 1. No real feelings this morning other than wanting to apologize to Suzie for being shitty. I feel like that’s more likely to end badly for her than be worth it. Have recruited Bonita and Alexis for tinder profile help at some point over the weekend.

Had good conversation with Bonita where we both were open and honest about where we stood- I’m not her type and I knew that, which is a tiny bit disappointing, but as friends we’re good. Didn’t get a ton done at work but oh well.

6/24 Wednesday 96LS 30/24
Rune: ᛚ
Laguz
The ocean seems interminable to men,
if they venture on the rolling bark
and the waves of the sea terrify them
and the stallion of the deep heed not its bridle.
Breakfast: Tamago gohan
Lunch: bean tacos & caesar salad

Woke up at 8 but haven’t gotten up until ~9:10, when I’m writing this. New plan is much like no lava lamps after bed, no internet before getting up. 

My goal for today is to actually use the pomodoro system so I get a reasonable amount of work and break done and don’t end up failing at both. Also to not leave a ton of dishes in the sink at the end of the day. 

Evaluation: It wasn’t perfect, but it did a lot better than yesterday. And there are no dishes in the sink. 

6/25 Thursday 97LS 
Rune: ᛒ
Berkanan/birch
The poplar bears no fruit;
yet without seed it brings forth suckers,
for it is generated from its leaves.
Splendid are its branches and gloriously adorned
its lofty crown which reaches to the skies.
Breakfast: Tamago Gohan
Lunch: Beans + crumpets

Slept poorly, woke up a bunch, got up by 9, writing this at 10 after having done a tiny bit of gardening. I’m going to work on that a bit after finishing this entry. Helping Chloe’s mom in the ongoing feud there, which seems to be a once-a-week thing. She’s really, really stressed out, I’m glad I can help. At some point going over to ‘Nita and making crumpets for her and the kids. Relatively unambitious day today, but still a lot going on. 

Going to help Chloe’s mom felt great, she was really happy and I got to lift a big rock and have an older person be so impressed.

Hanging out with Nita and Sterling and Brentlynn was good. It ended up being here. We had crumpets (I made… many crumpets but only had 2), I found out that savory crumpets are great with garlic scapes, and we went to get a spider for Brentlynn. I got a ride to the farmshare since it was raining again (2 for 2) and got strawberries / garlic scapes / lettuce / more lettuce. I have too much lettuce.
Accomplished very little. Not thrilled with myself. 

6/26 Friday 98LS
Rune: ᚾ
Naudiz / need/distress
Trouble is oppressive to the heart;
yet often it proves a source of help and salvation
to the children of men, to everyone who heeds it betimes.
Breakfast: garlic scape scrambled eggs on lettuce with caesar
Lunch: beans with garlic scape, pickled cabbage, salsa, and shrimp

Slept TERRIBLY on couch and woke up around 9:30. Have durdled around all day except to make breakfast so far, it’s 1 already. Went to Price Chopper and back, made food, it’s 3:30. 

Didn’t do much between then and 7, but read, finished (I hope) reshape_the_matrix.py, did a little progress on takehome, made pizza leaven and prepped 4 loaves for baking tomorrow, and took a good walk. 

Could have been better but overall pretty satisfied.

6/27 Saturday 99LS
Rune: ᚱ 
raido
“Riding seems easy to every warrior while he is indoors
and very courageous to him who traverses the high-roads
on the back of a stout horse.”
Breakfast: Shrimp Caesar Salad with a glass of milk
Lunch: Beans on toast

It’s 9:20 as I write this, and I’m feeling okay, although I didn’t sleep super well (3:40-8:48). Last night I found out Glinner probably was posting on Ciara Maxey’s memorial page misgendering her, which brought the mood down for yesterday, the day he got banned from Twitter. The basil plant I trimmed seems to be doing much better on it’s upper part with all the leaves than the lower part with all the roots and just a few tiny leaves, but hopefully it makes it with both. Going to take another medium walk this morning, then a long one on Sunday and will have kept my fitness progress up for the week. I’ve been noticeably improving since I started a little over a month ago, making it up Oak Hill used to be cataclysmic and now it’s just something I can’t do at max speed. I need to shower very badly but I’m going to hold off until I’m done with my walk since it seems silly otherwise. After that, today is going to basically just be baking and python. Now it’s raining though so I might hold off- yes I decided to wait.

I gave the old woman across the street a loaf. Research has told me: Her name is Filomena Antenucci, she’s a grandmother who moved here with her husband and has lived here forever. She’s been a widow for 28 years, and her kids are all moved away. She makes amazing meatballs. She keeps trying to pay me and I’ve let her but at some point I should see if I can trade for her making me meatballs.

I spent the morning baking, learning that cheesecloth is NOT good in a loaf pan, and reading, then from about 1:40-2:30 doing photoshoot with Shawn Graham for tinder/whatever. Then I finished baking Randy’s loaf- they all turned out kinda underwhelming although the recipients enjoyed them. I made pizza as well, or more specifically I made dough balls. Tomorrow is going to be pizza with garlic scapes and shrimp and I’m so fucking hyped. 

By that point though it was 5:30. I’ve done a tiny bit of Python, I need to poke Berger more bout it and finish the takehome My next ask is a hard problem: implement regex. I’m dissatisfied with my rate on these- I need to up my PR rate. 

On the other hand, I’m very happy with where I’m at fitnesswise. I did an almost five mile walk tonight in barely over an hour. I tripped while doing it though and wrecked the skin on my knee and maybe cracked a rib, I’m not sure. I expect to be pretty sore tomorrow, from a Stoic perspective I intend to use it as an opportunity to appreciate my health and learn to better endure pain.  

6/28 Sunday 100LS
Rune: ᚠ
“Wealth is a comfort to all;
yet must everyone bestow it freely,
if they wish to gain honour in the sight of the Lord.”
Breakfast: chocolate, milk, beans on toast
Lunch: shrimp and garlic scape pizza

Stayed half-awake until 4:30 to make sure I could console Christina if necessary, one of her friends’ fiancee tried to kill themselves and well, Japan to US time zone makes that awkward. Knee is much, much less painful than rib the day after. Am at a good spot financially. Had weird horny dreams. Want to do stuff today. Ended up not really doing stuff today. Need to do judge academy tomorrow.



6/29 Monday 101LS Workday 31/24
Rune:  ᛋ
“The sun is ever a joy in the hopes of seafarers
when they journey away over the fishes' bath,
until the courser of the deep bears them to land.”
Breakfast: Beans and toast
Lunch: Garlic Scape pizza

Slept poorly, worked all day, unremarkable.

6/30 Tuesday 102LS Workday 32/24
Rune: ᛜ
"ᛝ Ing was first amidst the East Danes
so seen, until he went eastward
over the sea. His wagon ran after.
Thus the Heardings named that hero."
Freyr
Breakfast: shirataki noodles with tomato/egg sauce
Lunch: lettuce with beans and toast

Woke up late, stayed in bed, brainstormed D&D a bit, worked. 

7/1 Wednesday 103LS Workday 33/24
Rune:  ᛋ
“The sun is ever a joy in the hopes of seafarers
when they journey away over the fishes' bath,
until the courser of the deep bears them to land.”
Breakfast: An entire box of oreo o’s
Lunch: Pizza

Woke up, worked, argued with Rob Denney online in a way that made DaveH like me less but oh well. Ate wayyyyy too much.











7/2 Thursday 104LS
Rune: ᛒ
Berkanan/birch
The poplar bears no fruit;
yet without seed it brings forth suckers,
for it is generated from its leaves.
Splendid are its branches and gloriously adorned
its lofty crown which reaches to the skies.
Breakfast: 
Lunch: Chicken Caesar Salad
Tea: McNulty’s Lapsang Souchong

Woke up, feel good to not be working today but still not great. Last week + work wasn’t as productive as I’d like. I’m trying a variation in my to-do list today (individual line items even for the same thing) and seeing if it helps. My chest still hurts from Sunday night, as does my knee. Went in for therapy an hour early but they called me and fixed it. Talking with Alexis about keyboards. 

Therapy was very much a diary session. Got some stuff done, had a pleasant day, but didn’t get what I wanted to do done. Did order fancy aftershave and keyboard.


7/3 Friday 105LS
Rune: ᛚ
Laguz
The ocean seems interminable to men,
if they venture on the rolling bark
and the waves of the sea terrify them
and the stallion of the deep heed not its bridle.
Breakfast: Chicken Caesar Salad
Lunch: Potato in tomato/egg/cheese 

Woke up, been lazy, now it’s 11:30. Keycaps going to be here Friday. Berger responded to code stuff so I have to get on that horse again. Doing this plus regex today.

It is 5, I have not started code yet but am about to. It’s 6:40, I have done some. It’s 9:30, I have done a bunch. 

I took a walk (my pace was not great, rib succccks), and watched Kin-Dza-Dza! Which was a 1986 Soviet tragicomic satire about two guys sent to another planet where everyone are jerks. Very good. Was happier about today having well, done some coding.


7/4 Saturday Independence Day 106LS
Rune: ᛗ
“The joyous man is dear to his kinsmen;
yet every man is doomed to fail his fellow,
since the Lord by his decree
will commit the vile carrion to the earth.”
Mannaz
Breakfast: Chicken Caesar Salad
Lunch: Pan-seared zucchini and soy-glazed potatoes, with milk
Tea: wegmans sencha/macha
Snack: Italian Ice (mango) from Joey’s

Slept until almost noon after going to bed at 3am, writing this pre-breakfast at 12:15. Going for twelve pomodoros today. Trying to kinda be ruthless about my feelings. I don’t think trying to pretend there’s somebody out there for me who I’ll be able to just connect with in the same way that I could when things were working with Suzie. I may become attractive eventually, and that’s good, but there’s not going to be someone as good as she was ever again.

The rest of the day has been much less of a downer, frankly. I’m on track to finish all twelve pomodoros (barely, admittedly). I had delicious food, and a nice treat in the form of Joey’s Italian Ice. I finished everything I set out to do (except for a walk), and I’m pretty happy with myself. I didn’t talk to people which was bleh, but not catastrophic. Tomorrow I’m going to try to start watching the Abdul Bari course on algorithms a little more proactively, I’ve been being too lazy on that. I’m going to try really hard to focus during the day and front-load my getting stuff done into the 10-6 time window and see how that turns out. Emotionally I’m a little less down. Shawn’s pictures came through and I’m not in love with them, my face remains uh, rounder than I want it to be. Still, I am making progress. I cannot control the results, merely what I do, and I am doing the right thing. My goal for tomorrow is to sprint, then rest- I am going for twelve pomodoros again but trying to get them done earlier in the day. 

7/5 Sunday 107LS
Rune: ᚢ
The aurochs is proud and has great horns;
it is a very savage beast and fights with its horns;
a great ranger of the moors, it is a creature of mettle.
Breakfast: pan-seared zucchini with sliced mozzarella, drizzled with balsamic syrup
Lunch: Chicken/lettuce/yogurt wraps
Tea: McNulty’s Golden Assam Khongea Estate

Woke up a little before nine, am writing this at 9am. Secondary monitor has had some issues this morning, seems to be resolved. I’m going to walk earlier than planned because I’d rather get it done in the morning when it’s cooler than in the heat of the day, and there’s some benefit to doing it before breakfast. I’m also cheating and have weighed myself before exercise (244.7) and am now going to do it after. Oh well. I continue to wake up feeling not awful but detached. We’ll see how today goes, but I’m cautiously optimistic that I can behave in the ways that will lead to me being happy with myself. 

Did walk, it’s almost 11, feel great. 242.3lbs after walk lol. 12:45, have done walk, stoic reading, and hygiene. Going to do Abdul Bari video, then lunch.

Got everything done by 8, could have gotten it done by 7 or maybe even 6:30 if I had tried. Really happy with how things went.

Got three boxes of Do-Si-Do girl scout cookies by visiting Rossi’s. 

7/6 Monday 108LS Workday 34/24 
Rune: ᛈ
"Peorð is a source of recreation and amusement to the great, where warriors sit blithely together in the beerhall."
Breakfast: Oatmeal, Cookies, milk, egg
Lunch:  Chana Masala, soy-glazed potatoes, yogurt, salad
Tea: McNulty’s Tikuanyin

Woke up at 8, got up at 8:30, slept well I think but rib feels not great. A little worried it’s shifted such that it’s in a worse place. Yawning hurts. Otherwise things aren’t too bad. Hoping to get a decent amount done at work today, gotta remember to use pomodoro to not just do a mediocre job for 12 hours. We’ll see. 

7/7  Tuesday 109LS Workday 35/24
Rune:  ᚠ
“Wealth is a comfort to all;
yet must everyone bestow it freely,
if they wish to gain honour in the sight of the Lord.”
Breakfast: an entire box of do-si-do’s, oops
Lunch: Chana Masala, Yogurt, Chicken Breast
Tea: McNulty’s Golden Monkey

This is a diary entry made the next day- basically I woke up, forgot to take my meds, ate an entire box of cookies, fucked off until around 4pm, took meds, got work done, felt much better about myself. Nothing interesting but not the worst.






7/8 Wednesday 110LS Workday 36/24
Rune: ᚷ 
Gyfu “Generosity brings credit and honour, which support one’s dignity;
it furnishes help and subsistence
to all broken men who are devoid of aught else.”
Breakfast: chicken caesar salad
Lunch: Chana Masala and yogurt, maybe potato.
Tea: McNulty’s Formosa Oolong

Woke up at 8, hate to admit it but giving myself two hours to be awake before work seems to legit help a lot. I didn’t get everything done that I wrote out, but I’m in a comfortable spot and ready to start work. 

Durdled a bit, it’s 11:20 and I’ve only really gotten my first pomodoro done, but should be ok.

1:17, got four pomodoros done, taking lunch. Tomatoes were very low on water, while it’s like 90 out most days I need to be putting at LEAST a pitcher of water in every day for them.

8:55PM and I only did 9 pomodoros but am EXTREMELY happy with my progress for today. I still need to work on it but realistically this level of performance is where I’m doing great.  Going to figure out meal planning, then read a bit, fold laundry, shower, shave. I think I’m going to watch a movie tonight. Tomorrow I want to set aside some Danganronpa time on top of everything else.

7/9 Thursday 111LS
Rune: ᛏ
TYR TIME
“[sic] is a (guiding) star; well does it keep faith
with princes; it is ever on its course
over the mists of night and never fails.”
Breakfast: tamago kake oatmeal
Lunch: chana masala and something with lettuce
Tea: mcnulty’s lapsang souchoung

Woke up and got up late, didn’t have breakfast until noon, have one pomodoro down by 1:30pm, when I’m writing this. I’m going to get another one done then work on lunch, then try to bust more stuff out after. I need to work on the time between breakfast/lunch and see if I can get stuff done then. Hard cap of 9pm tonight on being productive, but also aimless browsing, after that it’s movie or video game or reading and then I can fritter time away.

Well, I completely failed. I got two pomodoros, got a ride from mom to the farmshare pickup at United Methodist (last week I got one from Mike, the heat advisories mean I’m not walking). Got wings from Rossi’s, they were delicious. Watered plants. But got none of the other 10 pomodoros about computer stuff done. Deeply dissatisfied with myself.

Watched Robocop with RLM commentary though which was nice.

7/10 Friday 112LS Life Day 12951
Rune: ᚢ
The aurochs is proud and has great horns;
it is a very savage beast and fights with its horns;
a great ranger of the moors, it is a creature of mettle.
OR
Rain is lamentation of the clouds
and ruin of the hay-harvest
and abomination of the shepherd.
Breakfast: Yogurt and a clementine
Lunch: Taco Bell.
Tea: McNulty’s Tikuanyin

Woke up at 8 after going to sleep around 3, brought myself to do walk for 50 minutes up Oak Hill and down before it got hot. Rib still not fully better, so still very hard to maintain proper heart rate. Also FUCKING HOT out. But it felt good, I feel good after showering and shaving with the new shaving soap (Southern Witchcraft Autumn Ash) and aftershave (Pomona from same) that I bought. I got back around 9:24am and it’s 10:34 now, going to try to get 2 regex pomodoros in, then maybe a couple more. Trying to eat my frogs first as the saying goes and get over the hump of difficult stuff early in the day so I can ride that high later. Will update this again after lunch, and at 5:45 before D&D, and after D&D. Ordered a fancy ereader after doing budgeting stuff and realizing I could probably afford it.

2:31, have gotten both regex pomodoros in, eaten lunch, called the doctor to refill prescription and check that my appointment at 3pm Monday will not require more than mask/etc. Going to hit up another two regex pomodoros then do some branching out. I think I’m still on track to basically be set shortly on or after D&D.

3:30, got laundry done so one pomodoro down.

10:50: I still need to work on pressing home my tasks. I am going to finish by midnight but just barely- I am on 7/10, having not gotten as much as I could have before D&D done. D&D was okay but not spectacular- not sure how I feel about it, but Eric (whiteblade111) has surgery soon and so no other D&D for the month. 

Passed out around midnight.


7/11 Saturday 113LS 12952 Days Alive
Rune: ᛒ
Berkanan/birch
The poplar bears no fruit;
yet without seed it brings forth suckers,
for it is generated from its leaves.
Splendid are its branches and gloriously adorned
its lofty crown which reaches to the skies.
Breakfast: Chana Masala, yogurt, clementine
Lunch: Stir fried zucchini and broccoli, slices of cheddar, chana masala, tamago kake oatmeal, and then omelette as dressing for lettuce, and a clementine. It was a lot.
Tea: McNulty’s Formosa Oolong

Woke up a little before 8, didn’t prep properly night before so I didn’t get out the door to walk until 9ish, but got out the door. Today’s walk was way rougher in terms of heat because wearing black shirt, which sorry Mountain Goats was not a good idea. Industrial def optimal soundtrack genre for morning/night walk though. Getting back into the AC zone was heaven though holy shit. Eating breakfast now, it’s 10:20ish, going to eat, shower, then hit up the rest of today’s tasks. Slightly more ambitious today, 12 pomodoros not including the walk/shower, 15 all together. Hyped to see if I can get them all done before 9pm. Managed to eke in by midnight last night but I don’t feel bad about that because D&D was 6-9:40, so I got structured leisure in. I have movie night tonight, I need to figure out how to work that at least an hour in advance. All in all feels good. That said should start doing therapist every week while it’s still free, didn’t think about that when scheduling. 

1:40, four pomodoros finished, about to have lunch. Regex is just fucking me, but I think I can get it solved today. I need to reach out to everyone soon re: movie night. Lunch has the problem of needing to be ~80g protein which is realistically not feasible lol. Haven’t been on slack much but talked to Bonita, her birthday is today. Things are no longer weird, I feel like? I don’t really know.Haven’t made tea yet, will do so post-lunch.

3:15: Lunch was LONG and a LOT. But I hit ~90g protein while maintaining my caloric intake at appropriate levels. Adding ratios porg to stimslack for tzeentchling, then reading data structures stuff, then regex, then data science class, then folding laundry and reevaluating where I’m at. 

8:10, done with 10 out of 12 pomodoros. Just need to set up screenshare.

12:57. Al no-showed, technical difficulties meant no movie night. I finished all 12 pomodoros barely. I have had 100mL rum in a daiquiri and it was exquisite. I read Elements of Pizza and that was a mistake lol, pizza contemplation while drunk is agony. I don’t even have canned tomatoes to make pizza with and I won’t have them (or butter, other super important ingredient) until Monday. I am very open to sensation while intoxicated, idk how else to put it. I want to feel more. It’s 1am though, and I have failed to watch movie or even episode of tv, so gonna shut it down. I have long walk tomorrow. I’ve prepped clothes.

7/12 Sunday 114LS 12953 Days Alive
Rune: ᛜ
"ᛝ Ing was first amidst the East Danes
so seen, until he went eastward
over the sea. His wagon ran after.
Thus the Heardings named that hero."
Freyr
Breakfast: straciatella gelato, 
Lunch:
Tea:

It’s 11:30, I’ve done an hour and a half walk today and had Antonio’s gelato. I’m pretty worn from the sun but it feels good. I’ve had… a LOT of water since getting home. Going to weigh myself, shower, breakfast, possibly not in that order. Then going to work on regex stuff, data science course to finish week one on schedule, and then start a medium leetcode problem before lunch. 

It’s 4:30- lunch took forever. I have 3 pomodoros done today. Feels bad. I have food for tomorrow at least. 

Didn’t do a ton after. 

7/13 Monday 115LS Workday 37/24 12954 Days Alive
Rune: ᚦ
“Thurs ("Giant") causes anguish to women,
misfortune makes few men cheerful.”
“The thorn is exceedingly sharp,
an evil thing for any thegn to touch,
uncommonly severe on all who sit among them.”
Breakfast: Rice, lentils, pickles
Lunch: Sushi from wegmans

Did ordering, then spent four hours going to doctor and wegmans. Mom paid for everything. Shame on me. Got basically nothing else done. Drank, fell asleep earlyish.







7/14 Tuesday 116LS Workday 38/24 12955 Days Alive
Rune: ᛟ
“[An estate] is very dear to every man,
if he can enjoy there in his house
whatever is right and proper in constant prosperity.”
Breakfast: Rice, lentils, pickled zucchini
Lunch: Tuna salad with rice and pickled zucchini

Woke up having a sad dream where Suzie was trying to get things back together and I was mad at her and said no. Sad because it felt bad but good, sad because she would never try to get things back together. Got up at 9, writing this at 9:18. Going to try to get an ep of Dorohedoro in, I watched like 7 yesterday. Probably can’t unless I go quickly, but we’ll see. Watched… all of it, got nothing done, the two are less related than that sounds. Blegh. 

7/15 Wednesday 117LS Workday 39/24 12956 Days Alive
Rune: ᛖ
"The horse is a joy to princes in the presence of warriors.
A steed in the pride of its hoofs,
when rich men on horseback bandy words about it;
and it is ever a source of comfort to the restless."
Breakfast:
Lunch:

Woke up early, writing this after having finished Star Trek V while starting it last night. It’s 8:20 now. Feel bland and washed-out having gotten so little done. I know I can accomplish more than I have been doing. I will get more done today. Even if this work week could have been better, I will make this work. Made yogurt and cookie batter.

7/16 Thursday 118LS 12957 Days Alive
Rune:
Breakfast:
Lunch:

Woke up late, prepped for ‘Nita coming over, she came over an hour early. We are definitely just friends but that’s good. Like, there’s not even a sexual tension anymore which is a little sad? ngl? to the pompous part of my brain? but it’s good to have someone who is a friend I see in person. We had crumpets, butter, potatoes, cookies. Then we went for a 7.25km walk while it looked like it was going to rain. We talked about stuff as we walked. We got gelato on the way back which I paid for for both of us because she didn’t have her wallet but I was like “right now I want gelato enough that I don’t care that it’s functionally double cost.” Gelato after decently long walk remains transcendental physical experience. We talked a bit about our dating adventures, or lack thereof in my case, picked up my CSA/farmshare thing, she headed home after ~4 hours of hanging out. We share the philosophy of like, what ideal walk is which is nice (no particular destination, but like walking around the block the whole time wouldn’t be correct, main purpose is to be doing something while talking so brain is engaged, since well, ADHD in my case and narcolepsy in hers). Then I kinda frittered away the rest of the day online. I need to work on that. Stayed up until past 3am thinking about D&D math. The seriouseats cookie batter recipe is amazing.

7/17 Friday 119LS 12958 Days Alive
Rune:  ᛋ
“The sun is ever a joy in the hopes of seafarers
when they journey away over the fishes' bath,
until the courser of the deep bears them to land.”
Breakfast: Shrimp and chorizo on salad with mayonnaise and onions.
Lunch: Uhh cookies. All cookies.

Got up at like 11, dragged ass, made really tasty breakfast and cookies, haven’t done much, now it’s 7. 

So after having been disorganized with my time all day, I managed to get six pomodoros in regardless. I hit the data science course and algo vids, I busted out a leetcode medium problem, and read the data structure book for half an hour. I also took care of the dishes and did and folded basically all my laundry. I’m set up for tomorrow, and all in all while I could have been better at today, I have salvaged it quite nicely. I ordered a monitor repair kit to handle the second (non-laptop) monitor, as it’s struggling with bad caps. I should update this on the garden tomorrow, but for now it’s almost 1am and I’m going to brush my teeth and go to bed.

7/18 Saturday 120LS 12959 Days Alive
Rune: ᛇ
“The yew is a tree with rough bark,
hard and fast in the earth, supported by its roots,
a guardian of flame and a joy upon an estate.”
Breakfast: Italian Ice (Black Cherry), Clementine, and Tofu & Chorizo on salad.
Lunch: shrimp tacos with lettuce, corn salsa, cheese, and yogurt.

Woke up around 9, got out the door by 9:30 thanks to past self helping, put on sunscreen, took a walk down to the M&T ATM by Washington Ave, wasn’t getting pace, looped around and then felt impelled to go further, so I went all the way up the hill, looped around, missed the oak hill turn, went down north mckinley, and came around to get Joey’s Italian Ice. I had to wait a bit and it sucked, but god once it opened it was so good. It was like an hour and a half of walking plus some time lingering to get italian ice and home, so now it’s 11:30. Going to have breakfast, then either shower or get to finishing off Data Science for the week. I’m really feeling good though, wow. 

Had to deliver package to 320 Oak Hill after breakfast for Tamar Micha. Back, just about 1pm. OR sunscreen could be getting in my eye and mandating shower. 1:30-10:30 is still a fine day of getting stuff done and I’ll be happy to do it. 

Got Data Science and Data Structures pomodoros in, did meds, lunch, dishes (so I’m 6 out of 17 for the day). It’s about 3:50. 

It’s 11:05, I’ve gotten 14 pomodoros done today. I’ve pushed out two medium leetcode problems this week. I’m making slowwww progress on regex. I still need to vacuum, watch more Abdul Bari, and read Data Structures in Python. I’m pretty happy with the day. Ended up getting 15 pomodoros done while still doing some socializing and having some weird detours. All in all a very nice day. Going to sleep soonish, getting up earlier to do “short” walk in the morning. Going to try a similar level of ambitious for tomorrow. 

7/19 Sunday 121LS 12960 Days Alive
Rune: ᚹ 
Who uses it knows no pain,
sorrow nor anxiety, and he himself has
prosperity and bliss, and also enough shelter. 
Breakfast: Huevos rancheros w/ thicccc yogurt
Lunch: tofu + veggies + shrimp + potato salad

Didn’t set alarm, woke up fairly late, like 10. Took 40 minute walk in what turned out to be a heat advisory woops, got Tiramisu gelato afterwards, was best. Sunscreen was used. It’s 11:40am, going to do breakfast, then data science pomodoro first, then probably a medium leetcode problem, also vid or reading, then work on regex. I feel worn but good right now. Nothing super relevant emotionally. I really like this neighborhood. 

Had breakfast, it’s 12:22. Had lunch, it’s 4, am on third pomodoro. One of the things I’m going to work on this upcoming week is evaluating my timesinks, and seeing what I can do about it. I think a big one is going to be food that preps quicker / makes fewer dishes. 

Blegh. 12:41. Got very little else done. Cancelled data science coursera course because I don’t think I’m at a point where I can allocate enough time to it. Sad but $49 is $49. 





7/20 Monday 122LS 12961 Days Alive Workday 40/24
Rune: ᛗ
“The joyous man is dear to his kinsmen;
yet every man is doomed to fail his fellow,
since the Lord by his decree
will commit the vile carrion to the earth.”
Breakfast: huevos rancheros
Lunch: chicken tacos

Stayed up until 2ish, woke up at 8 but didn’t get out of bed until about 9:30. Feel mediocre about last night. Not too much else to report at this time. 

9:15 and done with work. Not a lot really happened. Was going to watch movie, ended up being aimless on the internet instead. Woke up at 5am on the couch after going downstairs to brush teeth, crawled up to bed.

7/21 Tuesday 123LS 12962DA Workday 41/23
Rune: ᛒ
Berkanan/birch
The poplar bears no fruit;
yet without seed it brings forth suckers,
for it is generated from its leaves.
Splendid are its branches and gloriously adorned
its lofty crown which reaches to the skies.
Breakfast: Chicken Salad 
Lunch: peanut butter

Woke up, did therapy which was okay, did work, had breakfast at noon, did work. Wasn’t great at it but wasn’t awful. Didn’t really have anything eventful happen, watched half of the 80s He-Man with RedLetterMedia commentary. Fell asleep without much useful.

7/22 Wednesday 124LS 12963DA Workday 42/23
Rune: ᚾ
Naudiz / need/distress
Trouble is oppressive to the heart;
yet often it proves a source of help and salvation
to the children of men, to everyone who heeds it betimes.
Breakfast: Nonna zucchini bread.
Lunch: Sushi

Woke up at like 6, got up at 8, finished watching the movie. Having two hours between wake and work is nice. No real feelings to report at this time. Filomena gave me zucchini bread, and I’m now super happy lol. Sushi was delicious. Come 12:34AM I’m done with the work I’ve been way too slow at working on, now just prepping to see people tomorrow for the first time in a long time.  

7/23 Thursday 125LS 12964DA 
Rune: ᛈ
"Peorð is a source of recreation and amusement to the great, where warriors sit blithely together in the beerhall."
Breakfast: Cucumbers and tuna salad with fried potatoes
Lunch: Crumpets
Dinner: tacos 

Didn’t sleep super well, up at 7:40 watching Christina play twitch. She’s very cute to listen to, not in a sexual way just like, idk it’s nice. I have a lot of stuff on my plate today: I’m making pizza for hanging out later, I’m making food for hanging out with Nita and her kids, and cleaning up from those. Calling Babcock bikes at some point to get a price on a bike.

Hung out with Nita and made crumpets. There were good. Roasted beets were also good, as was garlic butter. Cleaned for a bit after that but didn’t do much else between then and Kevin. Saw Kevin and Marika had an egregious amount of food at Randy and Jenny’s. They had vegetarian tacos and chips and guac and booze and an edible.

I’m concerned about this level of social contact, it’s a lot, and I’m hanging out with Kevin and Marika and Erik and Stacy tomorrow night theoretically- I’m worried about it. This will probably be it for a while though.

Got home and did not mix pizza for tomorrow before going to bed.

7/24 Friday 126LS 12965DA
Rune: : ᛃ 
season/harvest/prosperity
Breakfast: None
Lunch: Shrimp + onions, rice, sauerkraut
Dinner: pizza
Woke up at 8 but felt extremely tired, didn’t really get up until closer to noon, have been dragging ass all day today. I am writing this at almost 1pm and I’ve gotten basically nothing else done. I have invested ~$350 in AMD which will probably be a disaster. $700 is my total “willing to fuck around with stocks” fund since it’s above the $10k goal for the year. I’m probably going to hold off on putting the other half in right now. I accept the loss of all of it, but would obviously prefer to only lose $100 or so. I’m going to mix pizza dough and make a quick lunch, then see where I’m at.

I got very little done before Kevin showed up around 5:30 tbh. I mostly made a character. We went to Erich’s place, things went well.

7/25 Saturday 127LS 12966DA Workday 43/24
Rune: ᚲ
The torch is known to every living man
by its pale, bright flame; it always burns
where princes sit within.
Breakfast: tamago kake gohan
Lunch: rossi’s pizza
DINNER: burrito bowl

Hung out with Kevin and Marika and Mandy and Randy and Jenny up in Cooperstownish (Springfield). We went to waterfall and swam and came back and had dinner. Mandy’s dog is Nala and fantastic. We played Codenames too. It was wonderful, i wish I had more to say.

7/26 Sunday 128LS 12967DA 
Rune: ᛒ
Berkanan/birch
The poplar bears no fruit;
yet without seed it brings forth suckers,
for it is generated from its leaves.
Splendid are its branches and gloriously adorned
its lofty crown which reaches to the skies.
Breakfast: waffles
Lunch: burger
Dinner: quesadilla

Woke up a little before 8am, have chatted with Kevin and Marika and Mandy. Spent all day at beach then going back to Mandy’s where we chilled. It was fantastic. Met her not-boyfriend-because-he-turned-out-mediocre Branden, played more codenames, went home. HAve gained uh, almost 10 pounds this week, woof.

7/27 Monday 129LS 12968DA Workday 43/24
Rune: ᛖ
"The horse is a joy to princes in the presence of warriors.
A steed in the pride of its hoofs,
when rich men on horseback bandy words about it;
and it is ever a source of comfort to the restless."
Breakfast: Tamago Kake Gohan
Lunch: Shrimp + lettuce + cucumber as salad, with gamja bokkeum (potatoes)

Woke up at 8ish but was having a hard time getting up, barely clocked in at 10. Reasonably happy with work. Still need to get better but yeah. 

Done and finished up around 9:50pm, writing this now.  I need to do the dishes and finish the laundry tonight. I mostly did.

7/28 Tuesday 130LS 12969DA Workday 44/24
Rune:  ᚠ
“Wealth is a comfort to all;
yet must everyone bestow it freely,
if they wish to gain honour in the sight of the Lord.”
Breakfast: fried tomato with oatmeal and eggs
Lunch: shrimp and mayo and cucumber on lettuce, glazed fried potatoes, chana masala

Woke up today at 8, it was raining so didn’t walk. Earnings call went well for AMD, so that’s pretty cool. Probably going to put the rest of the cash I allocated towards stocks (a total of $1000) into it tomorrow morning. 

Got less than I should have done at work today but not as bad as the other week. Tomorrow I need  to talk to Mindi about phasing myself out tomorrow, as well as take a decent walk. Afterwards finalizing my character for Kris Bryson’s D&D game. And then prepping myself for the week. 


7/29 Wednesday 131LS 12970DA Workday 45/24
Rune: ᛟ
“[An estate] is very dear to every man,
if he can enjoy there in his house
whatever is right and proper in constant prosperity.”
Breakfast: rice + chana masala
Lunch: chicken breast over lettuce with pan sauce, corn salsa, and sauerkraut

Woke up a little before 8, did walk for 40 min, bought 8 more shares of AMD at ~$75, now getting breakfast and then starting work. Walk was a bit frustrating as watch wasn’tfinding GPS and I couldn’t get my heart up but it felt good to be moving again. Weight is up but will rapidly return to where I was at.

Worked until 7, did okay. Didn’t talk to Mindi. Going to take a second walk I think? Making al taglio dough and I think yogurt, then dishes, then D&D, then video games. I miiiiight have gone a bit hogwild with robinhood and bought ~$255 of stock options (that are now worth $300 and I expect to go up tomorrow). AMD is up average $3/share since I bought it. 



7/30 Thursday 132LS 12971DA
Rune: ᛒ
Berkanan/birch
The poplar bears no fruit;
yet without seed it brings forth suckers,
for it is generated from its leaves.
Splendid are its branches and gloriously adorned
its lofty crown which reaches to the skies.
Breakfast: chana masala and milk
Lunch: Pizza rossa

Alright, woke up at 8, got half hour walk in before therapy, did therapy, had breakfast, it’s 11:30am and gonna shower then start more aggressively getting stuff done for the day. Got a lot of life stuff sorted but nothing ‘productive’ done except cleaning and exercise and making that delicious pizza rossa. Mucked around with stocks a bit. Need to curb that it’s taking too much of my time and attention. Finished my D&D character for Kris’ game.

7/31 Friday 133LS 12972DA
Rune:ᛃ 
season/harvest/prosperity
Breakfast: Chana Masala and rice
Lunch: shrimp fra diavolo fettuccine, lettuce w/ egg and sauerkraut
Tea: 2014 Yunnan Sourcing Impression Raw Pu-erh Tea Cake


Got very little done today. Fucked around with investment a bit more, have made ~$100 positive on the whole thing. Going to COVID vaccine trial tomorrow, which is pretty sweet. Or not. Who knows. Read dragonlance and ravenloft wikis until 5am.

8/1 Saturday 134LS 12973DA
Rune ᚦ
“Thurs ("Giant") causes anguish to women,
misfortune makes few men cheerful.”
“The thorn is exceedingly sharp,
an evil thing for any thegn to touch,
uncommonly severe on all who sit among them.”
Breakfast: Crumpets w/ butter
Lunch: shrimp and tuna fettuccine
Snack: Blue Raspberry italian ice from Joey’s.

Woke up around 9, have read until 10:30 when I am writing this. I am getting back on track today and actually doing the 12 pomodoros I have set out for myself. This is complicated by the voyages I must undertake to do the COVID study and return the library books. Hopefully I can catch a ride from Mom to one of the two. Poked jeff about some code review on slack. 

Doing the COVID vaccine trial was pretty reasonable. Took the bus to get there, filed out forms, got called in, waited for a bit, they asked me a bunch of screening questions, I answered them, they took a LOT of very small blood samples (I held the sample tubes for the lady taking them and we assembly-lined it), I got the shot, I waited half an hour and during that they showed me the app I need to fill out daily. I headed out and got some booze after (sobieski and some southern tier craft cocktails canned).

 FInished another leetcode unit. Took a long walk and had amazing italian ice. No side effects really so far. Got tired around 11 and went to sleep early but 5am-9am sleep probably more to do with that than anything else. I finished very little of the stuff I set out to do today but I’m not panicking about that.

8/2 Sunday 135LS 12974DA
Rune: ᚲ
The torch is known to every living man
by its pale, bright flame; it always burns
where princes sit within.
Breakfast: Lettuce with soft-scrambled egg, onion, and sauerkraut
Lunch: Lentils
Snack: Gelato
Tea: Tikuanyin
Woke up at 8, laid in bed until 9, got up and read for a bit, returned library books with mom. Feeling okay. It’s 10:38 now, I’m going to take a walk, get gelato, shower, then make breakfast, do the dishes, and learn about aiohttp, the first major step in figuring out Berger’s takehome project (he showed me the one he gives to the new recruits). I want to do that, see more of the Abdul Bari algorithm videos, do some data structure reading, and garden a bit. Maaaybe revise my plans for August groceries now that I’ve had more experience.

Rib is still not fully healed but barely bothers me now, same with knee. 

Didn’t get all my pomodoros done even still. Need to work on that next week. Learned a bunch about aiohttp. Had some of the craft cocktails in cans I got yesterday (a total of three over the course of the day). Ordered Five Guys and a fancy device (flipper zero). Hoping stocks don’t implode tomorrow.






8/3 Monday 136LS 129275DA Workday 46/24
Rune: ᛖ
"The horse is a joy to princes in the presence of warriors.
A steed in the pride of its hoofs,
when rich men on horseback bandy words about it;
and it is ever a source of comfort to the restless."
Breakfast: Lentils
Lunch: Five Guys bacon cheeseburger and shake

Woke up at 8ish, writing this at 9:20. Made a bunch of weekly goals, then going to incorporate them into my daily tasks. I’ll become an organized person yet. Still no symptoms from the vaccine or placebo. Emotionally in a pretty good place. Still holding off on seeing Bonita for another week after hanging out with Kevin/Marika/Mandy/Randy/Jenny- I might see them again this week which is another two weeks. At this point I think I’ve kinda adapted to this lifestyle, it was good to see people but this isn’t too bad. I don’t mind the idea that the rest of the year will go this way. Do need to spend a bit less money though.

Anova nano showed up along with most of the components. Haven’t used it today since already have lunch planned. Got reasonable amount of work done and had initial talks with Mindi. Stocks are doing well. Had bourbon smash before bed.

8/4 Tuesday 137LS 12976DA Workday 47/24
Rune: ᚲ
The torch is known to every living man
by its pale, bright flame; it always burns
where princes sit within.
Breakfast: Lentils
Lunch: sous vide eggs on a bed of lettuce and broccoli

Woke up early, didn’t do walking now because it’s rainy. Mucking around with stocks and work today. Stocks went up a lot and then back crashing down and in the end I am uh, basically even. 

Things have been okay but not particularly interesting. I got less than I want done but it was tolerable. A little sad about things but I’ll be okay. Had some arm soreness at the injection site but only a tiny bit. 








8/5 Wednesday 138LS 12977DA Workday 48/24 (as of today, really of 54)
Rune: ᛁ
“Ice is very cold and immeasurably slippery;
it glistens as clear as glass and most like to gems;
it is a floor wrought by the frost, fair to look upon.”
Breakfast: none
Lunch: sous vide + pan seared porterhouse with a side of sliced cucumber and mayo

Trying sous vide steak for breakfast, hoping my stock moves work out well lol. All of them were reasonable but one, which is uh, not working out well for me and basically undoing the reasonable ones. After talking with Mindi about what times would be good, gave my two week’s notice today which was not the most fun but was good in a bunch of ways. Didn’t get all the stuff I should have done.

8/6 Thursday 139LS 12978DA
Rune:  ᛋ
“The sun is ever a joy in the hopes of seafarers
when they journey away over the fishes' bath,
until the courser of the deep bears them to land.”
Breakfast: tuna salad with cucumber
Lunch: Joey’s PIzza (meatballs)

Woke up at 8is, had breakfast, did therapy. Relaxing for a bit, then I need to handle a bunch of stuff for the day, and juggle that with Dan Pearson showing up between 2-3:30, walking to Central United Methodist Church to get my VINES farmshare for the week, and then D&D at 7:15. It’s gonna be a pretty great day, and I’m not super worried about what I get done. I would like it if my stock portfolio was back in the positive though.

Hanging out with Dan was great. D&D was great. There’s apparently a bike shortage, and Babcock doesn’t expect to have new ones until 2021.  Didn’t get a ton done other than that, but that’s still fne, I hit the major things. Joey’s Italian Ice makes pizza and it’s really good. Disassembled monitor which has been slowly breaking down because of bad capacitors and gonna fix it tomorrow.


8/7 Friday 140LS 12979DA
Rune:ᛃ 
season/harvest/prosperity
Breakfast: Joey’s Pizza (meatballs)
Lunch: Chicken spiedies and green beans

Woke up at 8, took my time getting up. Writing this at 9:10, intending on doing monitor soldering, code review, grocery shopping, and laundry folding today. We’ll see how it goes. Feeling pretty good about life, knowing my last day is the 19th. Feeling pretty bad knowing I’m gonna lose like $400 on stocks lol. I can afford to lose it though, I only put stuff in that was okay to get gone.

I fixed my monitor, got a nice walk in, stopped by butcher boys and got $40 of meat, stopped by the chop and got $30 of other stuff. Did a bunch of code review, pretty happy with the day. Started sous vide carnitas for tomorrow. Was good day.


8/8 Saturday 141LS 12980DA
Rune: ᚢ
“The aurochs is proud and has great horns;
it is a very savage beast and fights with its horns;
a great ranger of the moors, it is a creature of mettle.”
Treat: Salted Caramel italian ice
Breakfast: Reeses’ Puffs and milk
Lunch: Carnitas w/ tacos
Tea: yunnan pu-erh

Woke up at 8ish, writing this at 9. Going to take a walk I think, then decide about breakfast. 

Walk felt so good. I really love the take a walk, get a cold treat thing I’ve been doing the last few weeks. It’s 11:30 now, going to shower, then start laundry, make food, and return to Python.

1:40, showered, found macbook pro price and paid Mindi for it so I’m set there.  Got a bunch done, but not as much as I could have, but I’m okay. Had more reeses’ puffs than I should.

8/9 Sunday 142LS 12981DA
Rune: ᛒ
Berkanan/birch
The poplar bears no fruit;
yet without seed it brings forth suckers,
for it is generated from its leaves.
Splendid are its branches and gloriously adorned
its lofty crown which reaches to the skies.
Breakfast: Reeses’ Puffs
Lunch: Carnitas w/ green beans and vinegar onions

I managed to get two hours and 6.5 miles of walking in but the exertion and sunburn wrecked me, I had a pleasant but extremely unproductive rest of day.




8/10 Monday 143LS 12982DA Workday 49/24
Rune: ᚾ
Naudiz / need/distress
Trouble is oppressive to the heart;
yet often it proves a source of help and salvation
to the children of men, to everyone who heeds it betimes.

Got like nothing done. Writing this diary on Thursday. Found out Amber was in an abusive relationship, but Mike Querry’s family seems to have adopted her over him. Still worried. Have been talking to Stephanie more too.


8/11 Tuesday 144LS 12983DA Workday 50/24
Rune: ᛇ
“The yew is a tree with rough bark,
hard and fast in the earth, supported by its roots,
a guardian of flame and a joy upon an estate.”

Got like nothing done, writing this diary on Thursday. Didn’t really do anything, blegh.

8/12 Wednesday 145LS 12984DA Workday 51/24
Rune: ᚹ 
Who uses it knows no pain,
sorrow nor anxiety, and he himself has
prosperity and bliss, and also enough shelter. 

Made cookies, got some stuff from Bonita. Nothing really got done today, writing this on Thursday. Still worried about Amber, increasingly pessimistic about the world (though pretty optimistic about myself).

8/13 Thursday 146LS 12989DA


8/14 147

8/15 148

8/16 149
8/17 150 workday 52/24
8/18 151 workday 53/24
8/19 152 workday 54/24 (FINAL)
8/20 153
8/21 154
8/22 155
8/23 156

8/24 Monday 157
8/25 158
8/26 159
8/27 160
8/28 161
8/29 162LS

8/30 Sunday 163LS 13,002DA 10 postwork
Rune:  ᛋ
“The sun is ever a joy in the hopes of seafarers
when they journey away over the fishes' bath,
until the courser of the deep bears them to land.”
Breakfast: Bagel w/ lox cream cheese, milk w/ protein powder
Lunch: Corn soup and bread. 
Snack: gelato affogato 

Finally starting diary again after slipping for a while. I finished work, haven’t really gotten a ton accomplished since tbh. Cat’s now dating Mark, which hopefully ends well. Amber is with Mike despite him being abusive, which is AAAAAAAAAAAA. Hung out with Stephanie on Friday which was nice but not a date, she is accidentally an admin for a local group. I’m plateaued on weight loss at 237ish for the whole month. I have been doing Gundam on mondays with people but it turns out having 42gb of gundam on your computer messes stuff up if you don’t have the memory for it so have to figure out an alternate solution. Joined a stock trading discord that seems to have helped in terms of stock trading outcomes, but uh, we’ll see. I need to spend less time on that and more time on python. Going to be going on a two hour walk shortly- my goal is seven miles but we’re going to aim for just making it two hours, I have a nice podcast queued up and wireless headphones (that seem to eat data) after my wired ones broke. My budget seems mostly fine. Bonita gave me dumbbells she found which has been super useful in theory. Whiteblade111 has switched over to Lancer, which I am fucking hyped about. I’m visiting NYC over labor day weekend which is terrifying. I’ve been watching GIANT GORG, a wholesome anime about a boy and his unstoppable giant robot. I’ve joined a stock trading discord.

I think that sums up the immediate “AAAH EVENTS UPDATE.” I don’t have a ton of feelings to process right now, I’m going to return to this tonight. 

Back at 2:15, walked 9 miles then got gelato at Antonio’s. Feel sore but good. Gelato was amazing. Going to shower then fold the laundry.

Didn’t get a whole lot done but was nice day.

8/31 Monday 164LS 13,003DA 11 postwork
Rune:ᛃ 
season/harvest/prosperity
Breakfast: everything bagel w/ cream cheese
Lunch: ramen

Got vaccine dose 2 today, didn’t do much else aside from a little cleaning. 

9/1 Tuesday 165LS 13004DA 12 Postwork
Rune: ᛜ
"ᛝ Ing was first amidst the East Danes
so seen, until he went eastward
over the sea. His wagon ran after.
Thus the Heardings named that hero."
Freyr 
Breakfast: Everything bagel w/ cream cheese, yogurt w/ protein powder
Lunch: Veggie soup with leftover sourdough
Tea: Golden Monkey

Had ambitious plans for today, probably not succeeding at completing them. I’m trying to get back in the habit of writing diary entries every day after the second half of August. 

I didn’t do as badly as I was worried. I got 10 pomodoros done, which isn’t as much as I’d like but not nothing. Debating having another drink for the night, I might. Seeing Stephanie and Joe tomorrow at Antonio’s, dining outside. Feels mildly terrifying to eat at a restaurant but being outside should help. Had an entire pizza today from Consol’s which I have to assume was not progress toward weight loss. I need to work on that this month, but I expect little in the way of results this or next week. 

I did clean my room a bit, which reminds me how much I benefit from having a clean environment.  Overall I’m not feeling too badly about my personal progress. I gave up on arguing with Abram (thebigboy) yesterday after he just… completely disregarded the massive amount of empirical evidence I showed him. I can’t participate in good faith at that point. That and the stock chat are major sources of distraction in my life right now, I need to find a good balance point. I finished watching Giant Gorg today, and started watching Kyklos Extra Olympic, which was a completely different kind of good, but it was good. 
I should be chronicling the country’s descent into civil war and fascism and I’m sorry, I’m not. I just don’t see the point. I’m radicalized about as much as I’m going to get. I need to start more seriously considering starting mutual aid group locally. 

9/2 Wednesday 166LS 13005DA 13 PW
Rune:  ᚠ
“Wealth is a comfort to all;
yet must everyone bestow it freely,
if they wish to gain honour in the sight of the Lord.”
Breakfast: veggie soup with leftover sourdough, 
Lunch: Pizza, blessed pizza

Woke up, was lazy, hung out with Stephanie and Joe. It was good, I made pizza, realized I didn’t have much for entertaining people, and am happy with the day in terms of that. I didn’t get the non-hanging-out-stuff done though, and I’m dubious about that. I need to make more progress toward my goals. I also made a very poor stock call that’s going to set me back a bunch. Progress is being made on the divorce stuff, I’m still bittersweet about it. Planning out Lancer (the next RPG I’m going to be in). Therapy and Bonita and D&D tomorrow- I won’t have time to really start studying again until Tuesday.

9/3 Thursday 167LS 13006DA 14PW
Rune:
Breakfast:
Lunch

Ended up not doing much- I watched some TV, didn’t hang out with Bonita, and did some basic prep for the trip. Market got WRECKED, but thanks to a put that printed (on Friday) I ended up roughly neutral. When I get back on Tuesday I need to be more rigorous in my training regime.

9/4 Friday 168LS 13007DA 15PW
Rune: ᚦ
“Thurs ("Giant") causes anguish to women,
misfortune makes few men cheerful.”
“The thorn is exceedingly sharp,
an evil thing for any thegn to touch,
uncommonly severe on all who sit among them.”
Breakfast: yogurt
Lunch: chicken parm sandwich, duble cheeseburger, spicy nuggets
Dinner: Putnam’s burger, pink smoke cocktail, dark & stormy, delicious ice cream

Made it up to Berger’s, hung out with him a bit and had dinner with Zach and Hannah and Berger and Evelyn. The bus here was a nightmare: no social distancing, mask compliance not very widespread. Hanging out with everyone was good. I’m… still not hopeful about the future but I’m hopeful about my future, if that makes sense?  Jeff and Evelyn want to set me up with one of la profesras, her friends who are stuck in the hellscape that is the nyc dating scene.

9/5 Saturday 169LS 13008DA 16PW
Rune: ᛟ
“[An estate] is very dear to every man,
if he can enjoy there in his house
whatever is right and proper in constant prosperity.”
Breakfast:
Lunch: 

Woke up at 8, have been lounging around, it’s 10:30 now. Had lunch at the Peruvian place across the street, got new fancy shoes with Jeff, baked casatiello, hung out with Joel. Was very good

9/6 Sunday 170LS 13009DA 17PW


Woke up around 8, it’s 11:46 and Jeff is about to come out. Looking forward to hanging out more today, it’s really good seeing them. I need to figure out a way to show my gratitude that isn’t cloying or obsequious.  We had tacos on Roosevelt and they were amazing, then sushi for dinner after chilling and playing some webliero, then talked about programming stuff, then watched Jojo Rabbit.

9/7 Monday 171LS 13010DA 18PW
Didn’t get up by 7, but did get up by 7:30, now working on making an aiohttp server per Berger’s discussion.

9/8 Tuesday 172LS 13011DA 19PW
Took bus down back, which was pretty much all day. Really glad to have taken the trip, but so tired.

9/9 Wednesday 173LS 13012DA 20PW
Rune: ᚷ 
Gyfu “Generosity brings credit and honour, which support one’s dignity;
it furnishes help and subsistence
to all broken men who are devoid of aught else.”
Breakfast: Shin Ramyun w/ an egg
Lunch: potato soup and cottage cheese w/ protein powder
It’s 11, about to start studying, glad to be home and have some alone time. 
5PM update: have hit a decent amount on Berger’s takehome
10:20PM: didn’t gt as much done as I’d like, but got some done. 
11:46pm update: walked for 20 minutes in the new shoes. Calves feel weird as heck. 

9/10 Thursday 174LS 13013DA 21PW
Rune: ᛜ
"ᛝ Ing was first amidst the East Danes
so seen, until he went eastward
over the sea. His wagon ran after.
Thus the Heardings named that hero."
Freyr
Breakfast: Potato soup and PORK CHOP
Lunch: Potato soup

Slept awfully. Woke up kinda late, doing python studying as directed by berger (tutelage as we would call it) from 11-7 today with a break at 1 for therapy. Making pizza dough (the levain kind w/ the remnants of starter) and bread, sous vide cooking a pork chop, and then studying. 

1PM: studying has gone well.
11:36pm: hadn’t taken meds at all all day, which explains some things, but did well anyway. Heartening. Pizza tomorrow. 
1:40AM: played some danganronpa, cleaned out (or tried) the electric kettle, took meds late and seems to have helped compared to not, happy with how therapy went, looking forward to pizza tomorrow. 

9/11 Friday 175LS 13014DA 22PW
Rune: ᛖ
"The horse is a joy to princes in the presence of warriors.
A steed in the pride of its hoofs,
when rich men on horseback bandy words about it;
and it is ever a source of comfort to the restless."
Breakfast: Wegmans totally not Captain Crunch cereal
Lunch: Pizza

Slept poorly again, have been quasi-awake before my 9:20 alarm, but am now up and writing this at 9:38. Going to start work at 11, trying to decide between cereal and eggs+toast for breakfast. I need to cook the bread at some point regardless, which is strong argument for eggs + toast, but kinda feel cereal more. Going to wait until my grocery delivery (I got delivery because it seemed more responsible given the bus to NYC being just FULL of people) arrives and then probably decide on cereal. That said I’m starting to bake the bread now. Groceries arrived. 

UPDATE: Didn’t get as much done as I wanted, but the pizza was amazing. Ended up eating the entire box cereal and having a bunch of vodka at night. Blegh.

9/12 Saturday 176LS 13015DA 23PW
Rune: ᛜ
"ᛝ Ing was first amidst the East Danes
so seen, until he went eastward
over the sea. His wagon ran after.
Thus the Heardings named that hero."
Freyr
Breakfast: toast and eggs
Lunch: Pizza

Woke up early but only because was alcohol’ed up. Not thrilled at yesterday, but will accomplish more today. I have a more concrete plan. No strong emotional stuff going on. Blaseball remains pretty amusing. 

I got eight pomodoros done today. Not proud, but better than yesterday. Alexis soldered my keyboard today, so I should get that soon. Got the python server up and running-ish. Tomorrow I need to work on having it actually interpolate, and finding the non-date index. 

9/13 Sunday 177LS 13016DA 24PW
Rune: ᚢ
The aurochs is proud and has great horns;
it is a very savage beast and fights with its horns;
a great ranger of the moors, it is a creature of mettle.
OR
Rain is lamentation of the clouds
and ruin of the hay-harvest
and abomination of the shepherd.
Breakfast: 2x milk w/ protein powder, nocciola gelato, maaaaybe toast
Lunch: Pizza 


Woke up laaaate, gotta do walk so I can finish in time for gelato. It’s cool enough that I haven’t had to run the AC in a day or so, I might take it out soon. 

Got 1:40 in of walk before headphones died and it started raining. Still pretty happy with it, will do some more tonight. Showered, heating oven for pizza. 

DIdn’t get a ton done. Need to be better. 





9/14 Monday 178LS 13017DA 25PW
Rune: ᚠ
“Wealth is a comfort to all;
yet must everyone bestow it freely,
if they wish to gain honour in the sight of the Lord.”
Breakfast: Yogurt and toast and milk w/ protein powder
Lunch: Broiled corn in tomato/egg sauce, greek yogurt, toast, cantaloupe.

Going to be more ambitious in my plans today. Already brushing up against reality, I need to start first pomodoro at 9:30am and it’s 9:29 as I write this, having woken up a bit late. Slept well overall. Wish the world wasn’t exploding, because having my shit together is actually pretty nice. Managed to trigger the fire alarm letting the cast iron toasting process get out of hand.

7pm update: Am 8 pomodoros in, but I’m pretty happy with how things are going. I’ve managed to get a bunch of the stuff I needed to do today done, my stock portfolio is doing better, and I’ve been making a ton of tea. I’m going to do Gundam night tonight, then take a nice walk afterwards, and just overall things are quite good. My next task is a chunk of reading from Crust & Crumb. I want to re-add some political theory reading into my schedule, too. 

Interesting how much more tea I drink when I don’t need to balance it with the air conditioner. It’s pleasing.

1:30AM update: Gundam went well, got more python in, got my walk in, going to drift to sleep reading about data structures because I’m that kinda nerd. Today I accomplished pretty much everything I set out to do, and it feels REALLY GOOD. Tomorrow has divorce paperwork so I’m going to temper my expectations in terms of what I’ll get done. Looked through a bunch of photos and videos of Zero tonight, which was sad, but I knew I wasn’t going to have him forever. I was a good part of his life. He was a good part of mine. And again I got everything done. Also ordered a gunpla because I’m a dork. I’m going to be making sourdough everything bagels this week with any luck too! But now, again, to read up on data astructures and algorithms in python.

9/15 Tuesday 179LS 13018DA 26PW
Rune: ᚺ
Hail is the whitest of grain;
it is whirled from the vault of heaven
and is tossed about by gusts of wind
and then it melts into water.
Breakfast: Crumpets w/ butter, milk w/ protein powder
Lunch: Roasted cabbage wedge, corn muffins from Suzie, egg in spiced yogurt, canteloupe
Tea: 2014 Yunnan Sourcing Impression Raw Pu-erh Tea Cake

Woke up at 9, did stocks but didn’t really get much else done other than breakfast before 11. Got served divorce papers by Nita, who is way sadder about this than I think either of us are. Having been apart for a while now it’s definitely for the best- there was a time I’d go back to in the relationship if I could, but the final year or two were def worse than this is. It’s cold now, the house is in the 50s after having been in the high 60s yesterday and the mid to high 70s into the 80s last week. Going to make tea.

Made tea, it’s nice. Currently wearing bathrobe, two shirts, jeans, wool socks, slippers. 

4PM: have done little but made an amazing lunch.

12:45am update: nothing done. Blegh.

9/16 Wednesday 180LS 13019DA 27PW

Rune: ᛋ 
The sun is ever a joy in the hopes of seafarers
when they journey away over the fishes' bath,
until the courser of the deep bears them to land.
Breakfast: Toast and milk w/ protein powder
Lunch: Sushi and chocolate

Babysat for Nita for an hour or so, got groceries, did therapy, bought a fuckton of kitchen stuff I’ve been thinking about (kitchenaid, brod & taylor stuff, brotform and lame), . My walking pace is getting better.

9/17 Thursday 181LS 13020DA 28PW
Rune:ᛃ 
season/harvest/prosperity
Breakfast: None
Lunch: Pizza w/ spicy sauce and grated potatoes
Didn’t really do anything, failed to write it down.

9/18 Friday 182LS 13021DA 29PW
Rune: ᚠ
“Wealth is a comfort to all;
yet must everyone bestow it freely,
if they wish to gain honour in the sight of the Lord.”
Breakfast: Spiced tomato sauce w/ egg and yogurt, cantaloupe, milk w/ protein powder
Lunch: Rice, stir fried veggies.

It’s noon, haven’t done anything. Didn’t manage anything other than forming bagels and making a ferment, but watched a bunch of Gundam 0083: Stardust Memory. Mandoline arrived, has been good for cutting veggies.




9/19 Saturday 183LS 13022DA 30PW
Rune: ᛗ
“The joyous man is dear to his kinsmen;
yet every man is doomed to fail his fellow,
since the Lord by his decree
will commit the vile carrion to the earth.”
Thus sayeth Mannaz
Breakfast: Bagels & cream cheese, milk w/ protein powder
Lunch: Rice  + egg + chili garlic sauce + seasoning

Going to try to be better at getting stuff done today. Watching a second episode of Stardust Memory, then work on programming. Ruth Bader-Ginsburg died last night. People are feeling pretty despairing, I’m not but that’s honestly more despair having hit beforehand.

Did not get to work on programming, but did get other stuff done. Homemade bagels were AMAZING. 

9/20 Sunday 184LS 13023DA 31PW
Rune: ᛉ
The Elk-sedge usually lives in the fen,
growing in the water. It wounds severely,
staining with blood any man
who makes a grab at it.
Breakfast: bagel w/ cream cheese, milk w/ protein powder
Lunch: rice + veggies

Awake at 9ish, getting up at 10ish. Going to have a bagel then shower then take a walk with Nita. It’s turned cold enough that the radiator is kicking in. I need to take the air conditioner out and harvest the cabbages today.

So it turns out hanging out with ‘Nita takes from ~11-7? Which was really good, but meant that between that, cleaning, and starting the next baking project, I didn’t get much done today. I really like spending time with her. Not a ton much else. Started thawing chicken as well.







9/21 Monday 185LS 13024DA 32PW
Rune: ᛒ
Berkanan/birch
The poplar bears no fruit;
yet without seed it brings forth suckers,
for it is generated from its leaves.
Splendid are its branches and gloriously adorned
its lofty crown which reaches to the skies.
Breakfast: Bagel w/ cream cheese. 
Lunch: Kale + tuna stir fried, last bagel

It’s 10am, had weird dreams about video games and sex (not the same ones). Bagels remain amazing. Still no update on the kitchenaid shipping, which I’m a little worried about. Aiming for 16 pomodoros today, ambitious but I think doable. Maybe roasting chicken for lunch, not sure. Might be lazy and prep it for the next day, we’ll see. 

Got nothing done :(

9/22 Tuesday 186LS 13025DA 33PW
Rune ᚦ
“Thurs ("Giant") causes anguish to women,
misfortune makes few men cheerful.”
“The thorn is exceedingly sharp,
an evil thing for any thegn to touch,
uncommonly severe on all who sit among them.”
Breakfast: Crumpets w. Butter, milk + protein powder
Lunch: Joey’s fancy sandwich (Neopolitan- Prosciutto, Sopressata, Provolone Cheese, Roasted Red Peppers, Olive Oil, and Balsamic), 2 panzarotti, pasta salad.

Had therapy, made bread next steps. Got nothing really big done today, hopefully paved way for a more productive tomorrow. We’ll see. 

9/23 Wednesday 187LS 13026DA 34PW
Rune: ᚷ 
Gyfu “Generosity brings credit and honour, which support one’s dignity;
it furnishes help and subsistence
to all broken men who are devoid of aught else.”
Breakfast: Fried potatoes and egg
Lunch: 

Getting up at 7:30 SUUUUUCKS. But I did it. And I did get to have breakfast before sitting down at the computer. So that’s not so bad. I got some but not a ton today. Made 6!!! Loaves of bread which I gave away to various people (Bonita, Steph, mom, the neighbors on my left). Started MongoDB classes. Didn’t get a whole lot done other than bread. Steph gave me beef stew in trade.

9/24 Thursday 188LS 13027DA 35PW
Rune: ᚦ
“Thurs ("Giant") causes anguish to women,
misfortune makes few men cheerful.”
“The thorn is exceedingly sharp,
an evil thing for any thegn to touch,
uncommonly severe on all who sit among them.”
Breakfast: Reeses’ Puffs 
Lunch: Cinnamon rolls
Dinner: Chicken Wings

Kitchenaid arrived. Made cinnamon rolls and ate them with BOnita and Sterling and Brentlynn, everyone likes the bread I made. Things are pretty okay. I didn’t accomplish much today, but it was nice seeing people. 

9/25 Friday 189LS 13028DA 36PW
Rune: ᛚ 
The ocean seems interminable to men,
if they venture on the rolling bark
and the waves of the sea terrify them
and the stallion of the deep heed not its bridle.
Breakfast: Beef stew and milk w/ protein powder
Lunch: chicken tacos

Didn’t get a ton done today. :(

9/26 Saturday 190LS 13029DA 37PW
Rune: ᛇ
“The yew is a tree with rough bark,
hard and fast in the earth, supported by its roots,
a guardian of flame and a joy upon an estate.”
Breakfast:  Beef Stew
Lunch: chicken tacos

Baked bread, watched Zeta Gundam, hung out with Stephanie. 

9/27 Sunday 191LS 13030DA 38PW
ᚾ

Managed an 8.58 mile walk, but got basically nothing else done and felt really bad about it. 
9/28 Monday 192LS 13031DA 39PW
Rune: ᚦ
“Thurs ("Giant") causes anguish to women,
misfortune makes few men cheerful.”
“The thorn is exceedingly sharp,
an evil thing for any thegn to touch,
uncommonly severe on all who sit among them.”
Breakfast: bread & butter, water + protein powder
Lunch: Southern Tier Cheesesteak co vegan cheesesteak with cheez whiz

Did better but not great at productivity today. Got takeout for lunch, doing it again tomorrow. I’m happier with today than yesterday. Still need to clean and do laundry, but yeah. 

9/29 Tuesday 193LS 13022DA 40PW
Rune: ᛇ
“The yew is a tree with rough bark,
hard and fast in the earth, supported by its roots,
a guardian of flame and a joy upon an estate.”
Breakfast: eggs in enchilada sauce with toast + curtido + yogurt
Lunch: cheesesteak 

Did some mongo, spend most of day doing covid study (everything was fine) and getting insurance (still a bit worried).

9/30 Wednesday 194LS 13023DA 41PW
Rune: ᛋ 
The sun is ever a joy in the hopes of seafarers
when they journey away over the fishes' bath,
until the courser of the deep bears them to land.
Breakfast: hummus, tortillas, protein powder
Lunch: hummus, tortillas, carrots, curtido, milk w/ protein powder

It’s 5pm and I’m basically just starting my day. Blegh. I got nothing really done aside from cooking. Not the worst.









10/1 Thursday 195LS 13024DA 42PW
Rune: ᚲ
The torch is known to every living man
by its pale, bright flame; it always burns
where princes sit within.
Breakfast: fried protato slices cooked in chipotles in adodo with egg, curtido, milk + protein powder
Lunch: bread + hummus
Dessert: cookies

It’s 11, lost money at stocks, closing that for the day. Going to work on mongodb and hang out with Bonita today.

10/2 Friday 196LS 13025DA 43PW
Rune: ᚢ
The aurochs is proud and has great horns;
it is a very savage beast and fights with its horns;
a great ranger of the moors, it is a creature of mettle.
OR
Rain is lamentation of the clouds
and ruin of the hay-harvest
and abomination of the shepherd

10/3 Saturday 197LS 13026DA 44PW

10/4 Sunday 198LS 13027DA 45PW
Rune: ᛏ
TYR 
“[sic] is a (guiding) star; well does it keep faith
with princes; it is ever on its course
over the mists of night and never fails.”
Breakfast: bagel
Lunch: bagel

Didn’t get a ton done today. Made bagels though. Forgot to take evening meds. 








10/5 Monday 199LS 13028DA 46PW
Rune: ᛁ
“Ice is very cold and immeasurably slippery;
it glistens as clear as glass and most like to gems;
it is a floor wrought by the frost, fair to look upon.”
Breakfast: Bagel w/ cream cheese
Lunch: potato or veggie soup

I am going to blitz through mongodb this week. I am giving myself more time, trying to work on my scheduling, and going to just get it done. I’m vaguely lonely but not horribly so. I’m a little concerned over my forgetting meds so much the last few days, I think I’m going to start a daily alarm for it. 

10/6 Tuesday 200LS 13029DA 47PW
Rune: ᛈ
"Peorð is a source of recreation and amusement to the great, where warriors sit blithely together in the beerhall."
Breakfast: veggies with tahini w/ milk + protein powder
Lunch: potato and beet soup

Didn’t get anything done today either.

10/7 Wednesday 201LS 13030DA 48PW
Rune:ᛃ 
season/harvest/prosperity
Breakfast: beet and potato soup w/ milk + protein powder
Lunch: don’t remember + yogurt w/ milk + protein powder

Up and starting stuff at 11am. Hopefully this works. We’ll see. I feel pretty crappy overall, the last few weeks have been kinda a free-fall as all my routines and habits have fallen apart. I did therapy, and not really anything else.

10/8 Thursday 202LS 13031DA 49PW










10/9 Friday 203LS 13032DA 50PW
Rune: ᚺ
Hail is the whitest of grain;
it is whirled from the vault of heaven
and is tossed about by gusts of wind
and then it melts into water.
Breakfast: Overnight rolled oats
Lunch: bread w/ beans, lacto-fermented corn and peppers, and sides of curtido and yogurt, w/ milk + protein powder
Didn’t get anything done today either. Made bread and it looked really nice. Got exercise in. Feel awful. Like I’m slipping down a cliffside toward death. Prepped oats for tomorrow, going to try steel-cut. I don’t know.

10/10 Saturday 204LS 13033DA 51PW
Rune: ᛁ
“Ice is very cold and immeasurably slippery;
it glistens as clear as glass and most like to gems;
it is a floor wrought by the frost, fair to look upon.”
Breakfast: overnight steel-cut oats, milk + protein powder
Lunch:bread w/ beans, lacto-fermented corn and peppers, and sides of curtido and yogurt

12:15pm and I’m writing in this because I got up around 10:22, got ready, did walk before starting computer stuff. I’m about to have oatmeal (steel cut soaked overnight in whole milk with a little bit of vanilla extract, then cooked and topped with brown sugar). I thiiink I should have cooked it a bit more but honestly the chewiness isn’t bad. It’s very creamy. I feel a lot better than last night. 

Ugh exercise seems to have helped my mood. To quote my slack conversation: “””
I hate it when the obvious not easy but very doable thing that just requires commitment is not a thing I can uniquely skip because I’m somehow special
I’m used to it, I accept it, I mostly complain as a way of making fun of the part of my brain that still somehow thinks this
but dangit
“””
Oatmeal takes a long time to eat, wow. 12:30 and still having this bowl. 
8PM: Managed to start stuff around 5ish, have made progress! Only 4 pomodoros in so far but will actually have gotten multiple hours in on the MongoDB course today, along with dishes and laundry and exercise. That’s really really good at this point. 
10/11 Sunday 205LS 13034DA 52PW
10/12 Monday 206LS 13035DA 53PW
10/13 Tuesday 207LS 13036DA 54PW


10/14 Wednesday 208LS 13037DA 55PW
Rune: ᛗ
“The joyous man is dear to his kinsmen;
yet every man is doomed to fail his fellow,
since the Lord by his decree
will commit the vile carrion to the earth.”
Thus sayeth Mannaz
Breakfast: Rice and beans
Lunch: Ham fried rice

Was sick / tired most of the gap period, diarrhea and sleeping poorly compounding on one another. Am trying again today and setting aside a full pomodoro to do diary. I’m not going to use it all but figure it’s more useful to set aside extra time and write more. I’ve gotten two pomodoros (25 minute periods) done of MongoDB, started laundry, doing this now, it’s 1pm. Going to work on this, do precalc, then lunch/meds, turn laundry over, do MongoDB again, then dishes. 

I’m in a weird spot emotionally. I think this is the first time I’ve never really had a crush on somebody. I feel like that’s both very reasonable and very silly. But I had some mix of that the whole time I was married, and yearning before that. It feels… like there’s a “future” slot in my life that’s aspirational as opposed to being the actual future, and that’s empty. I don’t know how healthy it is that I had a constant aspirational relationship to other human beings. I don’t know how healthy not having any real aspirations now is. I am happy that I’m getting stuff done right now, even if the main difference is framing “getting stuff done” to include more of my life. 

Going to try Brave browser today and see how I feel about it / see if it works better. Also going to make sure I move around a bit more, I think that’s one of the things that’s been hurting. My leg hurts right where it meets my hip. It seems to be getting better though.

Okay SO 10pm update I got things done until lunch and then spent the rest of the day arguing with tbb on slack. I need to remember not to discuss stuff with him, it’s totally fruitless. Going to accept that it’s 10pm, do laundry, and chill out. I might do MongoDB again a bit before bed just because I can. 










10/15 Thursday 209LS 13038DA 56PW
Rune: ᛏ
TYR TIME
“[sic] is a (guiding) star; well does it keep faith
with princes; it is ever on its course
over the mists of night and never fails.”
Breakfast: tamago kake gohan, protein powder in water
Lunch: tuna mayo rice w/ onions, watermelon
Tea: tea guan yin

Morning:
Doing this at 11:45am after doing two pomodoros of MongoDB. Trying out a hybrid plan today where I start off on pomodoros, then move to four hours of dedicated but not strictly time after lunch. I’m feeling better than I have in a while, read colinspacetwinks’ adhd stuff last night and it was pretty good. Not too much to report emotionally, just have some momentum. Very aware that I could lose it, but I have a pretty good shot. Made some pizza starter last night, currently letting dough rise until around 2pm and then forming dough balls for the next few days. Told Nita we should hang out next week, got a good night’s sleep, pretty happy with today so far. Last day of farmshare, I’m going to see how my leg feels but might do walking to get it. It’s nice out, the heat is nominally on but not going as aggro as it used to so the room is just 70ish instead of high 70s. Mostly finished with Zeta Gundam, and things are looking up. 

I’m very much aware that I’ve gotten very behind on my studies, but I think I can pull back up now. Going to need to start reconsidering exercise strategies soon though, and making sure I’m budgeting properly. I thiiink I’ve hit a point where my ongoing expenses can be much more minimal at least. 

Evening: Did okay! PLayed D&D with Kris & co after work which was also pretty great.

10/16 Friday 210LS 13039DA 57PW
Rune: ᚠ
“Wealth is a comfort to all;
yet must everyone bestow it freely,
if they wish to gain honour in the sight of the Lord.”
Breakfast: steel-cut oats overnighted in water with a little butter and salt on top
Lunch: PIZZAAAAAA
Tea: Golden Monkey into Lapsang Souchong

It’s 11:30, I’ve finished the MongoDB M001 final exam, then moving onto the m220p python dev course. Things feel good. I don’t know how else to put it, I’m just kinda… able to do stuff again, and it’s nice. I have momentum. Going to make a weird pizza (ham! honey! spice!) for lunch and I’m hyped about it. Yesterday I started trying allotting a full pomodoro to the diary, and moving to a hybrid of pomodoros and dedicated but unstructured time after lunch. My main hurdle is going to be making sure I actually do stuff during that time, but yesterday wasn’t too bad. I might hit specific pomodoros inside it but I don’t know that I need to break it down that far. Hooopefully it’s not a problem, if it becomes one I can just try something different. Having the anchor of getting started seems to work. Pretty happy though. It’s definitely Officially Fall as well- it’s grey out, I had my windows open last night and now my room is cool (although admittedly- down to a ‘chilly’ 68F). Having the AC unit out of the window gives me a nicer view of the street, I like it. 

It’s 11:53, but the other way now, PM. I actually! Got! Everything! Done! Today! I fucking did it! I’m going to have lunch with Bonita tomorrow, I made applesauce of the gods tonight (rinsed and cored 9 apples, put them in pressure cooker for 6 min on high, natural release for 5 min, then did like, partial quick release, then put that, some sugar, and cinnamon into Stanley the bread machine on JAM and holy shit it’s amazing). I’ve cleaned up and put that away, I have kraut fermenting, and overall I’m pretty happy with things. I’m a little worried about budget- but I should be okay, I just need to tighten my belt a bit (and not in a ridiculous way either tbh, $250 on groceries and $250 on whatever I feel like is plenty of expenses per month). 

10/17 Saturday 211LS 13040DA 58PW
Rune: ᚨ
“Óss is aged Gautr
and prince of Ásgardr
and lord of Valhalla.”
Ansuz
Breakfast: Hash browns topped with tuna salad, topped with sriracha
Lunch: Pizza
Tea: Lapsang Souchong into Assam Red.

It’s 10ish as I write this, doing diary first today because I can. Have Nita over for lunch around 2, have mad breakfast and eatern it, gong to be starting mongo shortly, the kraut is def fermenting. I’m still in a weird mood but not super worried about it. Today is a challenge: I have a major distracting event coming up (hanging out with Nita) that while not like, super exciting or somehow worrisome, does represent a multi-hour unstructured time expenditure in the middle of my nominally-productive times. I don’t plan on extending my productive time to compensate for this- I think this is close enough to a day off that I’m not going to worry.

Past that, I don’t have a ton else to write about. I need to try to keep in more regular touch with Steph/Nita/Chloe/Christina, since they’re the people I maintain individual (vs group) contact with. 

10/18 Sunday 212LS 13041DA 59PW
10/19 Monday 213LS 13042DA 60PW
10/20 Tuesday 214LS 13043DA 61PW
10/21 Wednesday 215LS 13044DA 62PW (Rune: ᚲ)
10/22 Thursday 216LS 13045DA 63PW (Rune: ᛏ)
10/23 Friday 217LS 13046DA 64PW
Rune: ᚨ
“Óss is aged Gautr
and prince of Ásgardr
and lord of Valhalla.”
Ansuz
Breakfast: Bagel + Cream Cheese
Lunch: chicken/potato/onion fry with yogurt on top

Lost momentum for a bit there. Wednesday and Thursday I managed to get some stuff done, I don’t want it to sound like I accomplished nothing, but it could be better. Today I think it will be. I think I’m struggling with depression maybe? The whole “five days kinda slip away’ is :\ but it didn’t feel like five days slipping away at the time. 

I feel pretty okay except for oh fuck it’s almost November. Second debate was last night, didn’t bother watching. Still super worried about that in a generic sense.

Just took meds, cleaned glasses, just about finishing up here. Happy for the day, doing to see if I can do better. Good luck, me. 

Update, it’s 1:51, managed to complete first four pomodoros, had lunch, gonna start work at 2ish. Pretty happy.

Night update: 1:40am, got everything I wanted accomplished. V happy. Had weird conversation with Bonita where she offered cuddling but was like “Just to be clear I’m not sexing you” and then found out she’d checked with Suzie about it back when we were starting to hang out (this was not the deciding factor). I don’t really know how to feel about that. I’m glad I’m in a vaguely aromantic space right now? Weird. 

10/24 Saturday 218LS 13047DA 65PW
Rune: ᚦ
“Thurs ("Giant") causes anguish to women,
misfortune makes few men cheerful.”
“The thorn is exceedingly sharp,
an evil thing for any thegn to touch,
uncommonly severe on all who sit among them.”

Breakfast: Bagel + Cream Cheese
Lunch: spaghetti squash + tomato sauce

5:20, slept awfully, woke up late (like… noon), finished M220P only a month in blech. Taking a few to review the notes then hitting up the code review and checking in with Berger.
I ended up succeeding at that but not much else.

10/25 Sunday 219LS 13048DA 66PW
Rune: ᛞ 
Dagaz
“Day, the glorious light of the Creator, is sent by the Lord;
it is beloved of men, a source of hope and happiness to rich and poor,
and of service to all.”
Breakfast: Bagel w/ cream cheese, banana
Lunch: Ramen

Slept awfully again, up at noonish, have done nothing, it’s 7:30. Going to figure out what I want to do next week, try to warm up (the radiator is doing work there so hopefully that’ll keep up). I need to talk to Berger and just be like okay I finished that, what next. I think I watch a movie and play some Danganronpa tonight. Maybe vacuum. I made a corn/carrot/gochugaru ferment so we’ll see how that goes?
Didn’t.

10/26 Monday 220LS 13049DA 67PW
Rune: ᛗ
“The joyous man is dear to his kinsmen;
yet every man is doomed to fail his fellow,
since the Lord by his decree
will commit the vile carrion to the earth.”
Thus sayeth Mannaz
Breakfast: Bagel + Cream Cheese
Lunch: carnitas taco and some meat
Therapy went okay. Macbook didn’t charge this morning, spent until 5ish fixing it, bought new battery for it which it TURNS OUT I DON’T NEED WHOOPS. Oh well, this means I can keep using this laptop longer. Got back onto the aiohttop server work, succeeded at getting a little bit done. Watching A Nightmare on Elm Street with the commentary, it’s pretty good. Barrett got confirmed to the Supreme Court. Not happy with that.

Felt very good about how much I got done today even thought it was fairly little and most of that was just returning to status quo.









10/27 Tuesday 221LS 13050DA 68PW
Rune: ᚨ
“Óss is aged Gautr
and prince of Ásgardr
and lord of Valhalla.”
Ansuz
Breakfast: Bagel w/ cream cheese, tomato eggs w/ yogurt
Lunch: Pork and roasted brussel sprouts or roasted butternut squash
Tea: Golden Monkey
It’s 11:30, writing this as part of my first pomodoro of the day, along with planning out what I’ll do. Still in a down mood but I think getting a bit better. Don’t know that I have a ton interesting to say right now. I’m very pessimistic about the future. But I’m going to read and play Danganronpa tonight. 
It’s about 7:30pm, got very little done but still got some stuff done. I’ll take it. I have four and a half hours to do whatever, which I think will be vacuuming, walking, showering, and then either reading or maybe danganronpa or a movie? 

Did reading and watching The Untamed. Bonita mentioned she wants another child- having kids (not with her, no offense to her, just distinguishing the idea of me having any) seems weird right now in 2020.

10/28 Wednesday 222LS 13051DA 69PW nice
Rune
Breakfast: Tamago kake gohan
Lunch: Butternut squash and (Separately!!!) spam musubi on rice

Spilled protein powder + milk, spent morning cleaning it up. Basil is dying, not sure how to save. Had a really awkward conversation with Stephanie last night where I accidentally found out she wasn’t averse to being friends with benefits.

10/29 Thursday 223LS 13052DA 70PW
Rune:ᛃ 
season/harvest/prosperity

10/30 Friday 224LS 13053DA 71PW HALLOWEEN
Rune: ᛟ
“[An estate] is very dear to every man,
if he can enjoy there in his house
whatever is right and proper in constant prosperity.”
Breakfast: BBQ beef wrap from down to earth whole foods, milk w/ protein powder
Lunch: tuna + cream chees once rice w/ seasonings, brussels sprouts

Woke up, am feeling pretty okay, it’s Halloween! 

11/17 Tuesday 242LS 13081DA (rechecked math) 89PW
Rune: ᚠ
“Wealth is a comfort to all;
yet must everyone bestow it freely,
if they wish to gain honour in the sight of the Lord.”
Breakfast: 12 chicken nuggets w/ sauce, random munchkins from dunkin
Lunch: Tuna on leaves.
Tea:

Well, it’s 11:08am, I’m writing this, and I don’t know where to start. I did early voting, it wasn’t too bad.Election happened, Biden won (initially more narrowly-looking than ideal, although realistically this is America). Trump is currently trying to contest but not a ton of momentum yet, but worrisome. Hung out with Nita and Stephanie on the 13th which was last social event pre-Thanksgiving probably, and Thanksgiving is probably just going to be dinner with mom who I already see often, Mike who lives with her, and Drew and Kate. I’ve bought a mouse, which has been good, I’m now on month 2 of the keyboard not being shipped by Alexis despite being finished. I’ve been seeing Bonita and Stephanie semi-frequently, I really enjoy that. Had a very personal conversation with Bonita last night, which was interesting. About to remember to take meds as it turns 1PM, not my proudest, but w/e. 

11/18 Wednesday 243LS 13082DA 90PW ᛏ
11/19 Thursday 244LS 13083DA 91PW ᛏ (yes again
11/20 Friday 245LS 13084DA 92PW
Rune: ᛗ
“The joyous man is dear to his kinsmen;
yet every man is doomed to fail his fellow,
since the Lord by his decree
will commit the vile carrion to the earth.”
Thus sayeth Mannaz
Breakfast: tamago kake gohan
Lunch: pizza w/ anchovy and onion
Dinner: Wings
Tea: 2014 Yunnan Sourcing Impression Raw Pu-erh Tea Cake
Pomodoro Goal: 16 Pomodoros Accomplished: 7

Played D&D last night, was very enjoyable. It’s 12:30ish and I haven’t really done anything yet today, despite having been up for almost two hours. I am trying to decide whether to call off Thanksgiving dinner with Mom b/c the Friendsgiving thing I thought was the weekend after is the weekend before. I’ve returned the temperature to 70F in my room from the high 70s/80s it was before I messed with the radiator. Been watching ZZ Gundam and it’s not great but w/e, I miss having more of The Untamed to watch after having finished that on the 15th, that was a really enjoyable show. 

It’s now 11:45pm. I ended up getting them to switch Friendsgiving to Highland Park, which is walking distance, so I should be good. I called in meds, the protein powder restock I ordered arrived, Ting’s new plan sim card arrived (at Suzie’s) so that should be nice. I ordered some late night wings, the second night in a row I’ve ordered takeout. Need to work on that, I can’t casually splurge $25. Hung out with Nita again. I think I’m developing feelings, blegh. I fixed her computer just by kinda flexing it the correct way, which hopefully lasts.

Overall I’m pretty happy with how things are though, given 2020. 

11/21 Saturday 246LS 13085DA 93PW
Rune: ᚢ
The aurochs is proud and has great horns;
it is a very savage beast and fights with its horns;
a great ranger of the moors, it is a creature of mettle.
OR
Rain is lamentation of the clouds
and ruin of the hay-harvest
and abomination of the shepherd.
Breakfast: Milk w/ protein powder
Lunch: Pizza w/ meatballs, milk w/ protein powder
Tea: Golden Assam
Pomodoros Goal: 12. Completed:

Woke up at noon, writing this at 4, just took meds. Going to aim to get some stuff done today. Not a ton, but a decent amount.  Haven’t gone through a ton of exercise lately, need to get back on that. 

11/22 Sunday 247LS 13086DA 94PW
Hung out with Kevin and Marika, Randy and Jenny, and Mandy outside at Kevin’s place. Drove in car (masked) with Mandy. 
11/23 Monday 248LS 13087DA 95PW
Picked up meds at Wegmans with Mike.
11/24 Tuesday 249LS 13088DA 96PW
11/25 Wednesday 250LS 13089DA 97PW
11/26 Thursday 251LS 13090DA 98PW
Thanksgiving: hung out with Mom and Mike and Drew and Kate. Drew and Kate had been to another Thanksgiving before this one wtf omg.



11/27 Friday 252LS 13091DA 99PW
Rune: ᛋ 
The sun is ever a joy in the hopes of seafarers
when they journey away over the fishes' bath,
until the courser of the deep bears them to land.
Breakfast: Stuffing and gravy, milk and protein powder.
Lunch: Turkey and veggies, milk and protein powder.
Tea: Yunnan Sourcing 2014 Pu-Erh

Allotting myself a full pomodoro to write this. It’s 12:20, not that I’m super concerned. Had a stiff neck after sleeping on it really badly Tuesday->Wednesday, which meant Wednesday-Thursday night I had to take strong painkillers (roommate’s migraine meds, excedrin) to get something like a decent sleep. It’s mostly better now. I still haven’t gotten back on the exercise track yet, I’ll work on that. Today I mostly plan on just returning to a normal schedule and also, importantly, cleaning up a bit. I’ve gotten a lot of that done already but my room is still kinda disordered in ways that I don’t think are super helpful. The cable that I ordered for new keyboard SHOULD be arriving today, but I think there’s a good chance it ends up actually showing up tomorrow.

I’m going to try to be kind to myself about productivity while still actually trying to be productive. My new goal is getitng the 11-1 block to work out. I’m not super concerned today because I’m starting a bit behind on it, but it’s a thing. 

Jupiter Games opened again for in-person stuff, I’m going to stop up there sometime and pick up my stuff but I’m also going to wait a bit until I haven’t spiked my risk levels. I should see if I could buy the laptop stand from Mindi. 

I ended up getting very little done today of the stuff I planned, boo.

11/28 Saturday 253LS 13092DA 100PW
Rune: ᛒ
Berkanan/birch
The poplar bears no fruit;
yet without seed it brings forth suckers,
for it is generated from its leaves.
Splendid are its branches and gloriously adorned
its lofty crown which reaches to the skies.
Breakfast: Green beans and squash, milk and protein powder
Lunch: Turkey sandwich on dinner rolls, milk and protein powder
Tea: Yunnan sourcing 2014 Pu-erh
Pomodoro Goal: 12
Pomodoros  Completed: 7
It’s noon, and the cable has arrived so I’m writing this using the new fancy glorious keyboard. Still getting used to it, and I might redo the mapping so the command key is in the windows location that I’m used to on regular keyboards vs the mac position I have it mapped to now. Overall feeling pretty great, not gonna lie. Laptop is now in a position that’s much more tenable from an ergonomics standpoint, I have keyboard and mouse, and it’s nice. I’m planning on being a hermit for the next two weeks pretty much regardless, since, well, thanksgiving means covid rates are gonna go through the roof. Blegh. But it’s nice to have made my little zone of peace and comfort here. I really like typing now, but I still haven’t quite adjusted so there’s still I think a higher rate of typos, but no longer missing e keypresses so I’ll take it.

I finished Debt: The First Five Thousand Years today and I have to say Graeber’s writing is some of my all-time favorite stuff. Need to read “Mutual Aid: Building Solidarity During This Crisis (and the next)“ next, along with The Last Unicorn, The Player of Games, Gideon the Ninth for fiction. Still unsure whether I prefer ebook reader or physical copy, but ebook reader offers a lot more books in the physical space it occupies and lets me get stuff quicker. 

I’ve been really, really, lax on exercise, today was going to be different, but it was raining when it hit that time, I’m going to try again after lunch. So far so good in terms of productivity- I’m trying to be easier on myself and then ramp back up while being realistic about what I can accomplish.

I got less done today than was ideal, but I managed to make some forward progress. Took a walk, and even though it was very cold out (29F) and I was in a t-shirt and jeans, it worked out nicely for the half an hour I was out. Had half a pie and Burger King so today was perhaps not healthy choicees day.

11/29 Sunday 254LS 13093DA 101PW
Rune: ᚦ
“Thurs ("Giant") causes anguish to women,
misfortune makes few men cheerful.”
“The thorn is exceedingly sharp,
an evil thing for any thegn to touch,
uncommonly severe on all who sit among them.”
Breakfast: Tamago Kake Gohan w/ milk and protein powder
Lunch: turkey and veggies w/ rice, milk + protein powder
Tea: Tikuanyin
Pomodoro Goal: 12
Pomodoros Completed: 7

It’s a little after 8:30am when I write this. Still have a stiff neck but it seems to slowly be getting better. I very much enjoy having a keyboard. Going to try walking earlier today so I can get back in the habit of walking in the morning. October/November saw me do a lot of less healthy eating, I’m going to focus on eating choicer stuff moving forward. $17 for Burger King could be $17 of sushi, which is better all around. It’s very warm in my room, I’ve cracked a window open but it’s ~77F right now in here even though it’s ~35F outside.

The current takehome thing I’ve been halfassedly working on for almost two weeks has seen actual progress the last couple days now that I’m working on it. My goal for today is to get the yfinance part working. 

Got the slack reminder that I can officially safely father children again, although I still don’t want to at this time. Less opposed than I was when I took it I guess, which is funny.

Mom brought a paperwhite (daffodil type) bulb over, I’ve put it in water. We’ll see if it does anything. I like having plants in here, although I think I’m going to take the cabbage outside for a bit once it’s probably above freezing.

Walk was very nice, it’s cold as fuck (frost on the grass) but two shirts and jogging shorts are fine once I get moving.

Got some stuff done but not as much as ideal.

11/30 Monday 255LS 13094DA 102PW
Rune: ᚢ
The aurochs is proud and has great horns;
it is a very savage beast and fights with its horns;
a great ranger of the moors, it is a creature of mettle.
OR
Rain is lamentation of the clouds
and ruin of the hay-harvest
and abomination of the shepherd.
Breakfast: Tamago Kake Gohan, milk and protein powder
Lunch: 
Tea: lapsang souchong
Pomodoro Goal: 6
Pomodoros Accomplished: 3

Woke up a little before nine, writing this as my first pomodoro at 11. Watching Monster. Teapot broke slightly yesterday, just the lid so it’s fine but was awkward. I’m going to shower after this. I still have a stiff neck even though it’s been most of a week, blegh. I don’t know if there’s anything else to really write here other than I want more lava lamps for my room. 

I like talking with Steph and Nita but I don’t like the fact that they’re hanging out with all these people during this point of the pandemic- it’s not up to me what they do, I’m not in control of them, but I do worry about the risks involved, and I’m fine with exposing myself to risk (not cavalierly, I’m in the vaccine trial, so is Nita, etc etc), but I don’t want to be a vector between their social networks.

12/1 Tuesday 256LS 13050DA 103PW
12/2 Wednesday 257LS 13051DA 104PW Rune: ᚨ
12/3 Thursday 258LS 13052DA 105PW 
Rune: ᛒ
Berkanan/birch
The poplar bears no fruit;
yet without seed it brings forth suckers,
for it is generated from its leaves.
Splendid are its branches and gloriously adorned
its lofty crown which reaches to the skies.
Breakfast: Potato soup
Lunch: Dunkin Cereal, and then turkey on leaves
Pomodoro Goal: 12
Pomodoros Completed: 6

Took iron supplement today (“Slow Fe”) in between meds- I should actually do it a bit before or after, tomorrow I’ll do it in the evening I think maybe. We’ll see if it’s useful/helpful/etc.Drank some last night, talked to people, Nita asked me this morning what, if any, were the downsides of marrying Konrad so he could get financial aid. I’m distrustful of it as a concept. Because Suzie didn’t like Konrad and also idk probably I’m jealous on some weird level, but it also does sound risky for her.

I rearranged my room last night, and cleaned and vacuumed too. It feels very nice. Watching Monster right now. Finished The Player of Games the other day, enjoyed it very much, going to read more Banks soon.  

Going to not worry about the 7pm end point today. Ordered groceries, am pretty happy with how things are overall, a little restless, hoping I can hit my goals for the day. I have Lancer tomorrow night, and once I’m hitting 12 pomodoros a day 5 days a week I am going to let myself work on GMing a game. Weight loss has stalled and backtracked, I need to get on walking more. I’m going to do that today, I think I need to start working it in before dark even if it seems like a weird time. 


I didn’t walk. I ate the entire box of cereal and a chocolate bar too. Blegh.


12/4 Friday 259LS 13053DA 106PW
Rune: ᛗ
“The joyous man is dear to his kinsmen;
yet every man is doomed to fail his fellow,
since the Lord by his decree
will commit the vile carrion to the earth.”
Thus sayeth Mannaz
Breakfast: milk + protein powder
Lunch: roasted cauliflower + turkey
Tea: Golden Assam
Pomodoro Goal: 12
Completed: 4

It’s about 10:15am. Still don’t know how I feel about anything right now. Local COVID positivity rate in testing was 6.89% on the 2nd, so probably shouldn uh, do anything around anyone. I wanted to see people too, but blegh. Nothing in current events. My plans for the day are walking, showering, doing the dishes, and working on python. A dude walked a small dog by and I just missed Zero a fuckgon out of nowhere. The new bookshelf is positioned such that I don’t see the pictures of him anymore. Perhaps that’s for the best. I don’t know. Fuck. 

I have Lancer tonight, which I’m hyped for, but everything else is kinda down. Don’t have much else to say.
Lancer was fun but didn’t get to combat, which was blegh but not catastrophic. 

12/5 Saturday 260LS 13054DA 107PW
Rune: ᛈ
"Peorð is a source of recreation and amusement to the great, where warriors sit blithely together in the beerhall."
Breakfast: shin ramyun ramen
Lunch: turkey ‘carnitas’ on a bed of lettuce with fried egg, yogurt, and sriracha dressing
Pomodoro Goal: 12
Completed: 2
It’s 10:30 at night as I watch this. I haven’t done much today other than dishes. I made the nonalcoholic cocktail I’ve been brainstorming (tea + lemon + maple syrup) and realized it was literally just… iced tea with lemon. I’ve made an arnold palmer. Still feeling pretty down but it’s been very nice being in my room and watching it be cold outside, if kinda terrible for my willingness to go outside and do the walk that I should do. I’m going to try to motivate myself to do it tomorrow, on the theory that a nice warm hot chocolate or coffee from Antonio’s would probably be amazing after a long walk. I made a biga to bake bread tomorrow, and I’m looking forward to having a nice sandwich or two over the next couple days, along with some french onion soup with the broth I’ve made from the turkey leftovers I’m just finishing up from thanksgiving, the last of which will be tomorrow. 

Still on the dichotomy of wanting to be responsible/wanting to experience intimacy. Also the dichotomy of wanting to be frugal by making my own food and realizing I’m spending more on making that food than I would buying the full bought version (like oreos). I should make cinnamon rolls again sometime. The tiny glass teapot Jeff bought me broke today after I left it near the dish drying rack and a dish slipped and knocked it off the counter- I’ve made tea using the tea balls and big tea pot and it’s honestly not worse, but it is weaker I think, and a replacement would be fairly expensive (sorta- yunnan sourcing has it but shipping is going to be like $15 on a $4 teapot which is not ideal). Debating what to do about it.

Haven’t shaved in almost a month, not sure how I feel about that either. 

Skipped out on movie night with Mandy/Randy/Jenny tonight, feel a little bad. I should make cookies tomorrow. Watched a lot of Monster today. 

12/6 Sunday 261LS 13055DA 108PW
Rune: ᚾ
Naudiz / need/distress
Trouble is oppressive to the heart;
yet often it proves a source of help and salvation
to the children of men, to everyone who heeds it betimes.
Breakfast: crumpets and breakfast sandwich
Lunch: turkey ‘carnitas’ with anchovy mayo and curtido and cheese on sandwich bread
Pomodoro Goal: 12
Pomodoros Completed: 1 but really probably like 6

Fucked around all day baking and stuff. Didn’t accomplish much until late, when decided to work on gcloud for three hours at night, but got a ton done there? Still going on almost a month to do this basic task, almost all of which is spin-up time. Okay not super basic.

12/7 Monday 262LS 13056DA 109PW
Rune:
Breakfast: Breakfast sandwich, milk & protein powder
Lunch: tuna sandwich 
Pomodoro Goal: 8 - note that 2-7 is sec_server time so unrelated
Pomodoros Completed:

12/8 Tuesday 263LS 136057DA 110PW
12/9 Wednesday 264LS 136058DA 111PW
12/10 Thursday 265LS 136059DA 112PW
12/11 Friday 266LS 136060DA 113PW
12/12 Saturday 267LS 136061DA 114PW
12/13 Sunday 268LS 136062DA 115PW
12/14 Monday 269LS 136063DA 116PW
12/15 Tuesday 270LS 136064DA 117PW
12/16 Wednesday 271LS 136065DA 118PW
12/17 Thursday 272LS 136066DA 119PW
Blizzard Was Here
12/18 Friday 273LS 136067DA 120PW
12/19 Saturday 274LS 136068DA 121PW
12/20 Sunday 275LS 136069DA 122PW
12/21 Monday 276LS 136070DA 123PW
12/22 Tuesday 277LS 136071DA 124PW
Rune: ᛏ
TYR TIME
“[sic] is a (guiding) star; well does it keep faith
with princes; it is ever on its course
over the mists of night and never fails.”
Breakfast: Reeses’ Puffs, milk w/ protein powder
Lunch: rice and lentils
Tea: Lapsang souchong and then tikuanyin

It’s 9:20am right now, catching up after about two weeks of not writing in the diary. It’s been most of a week since the blizzard of 2020, we have most of the street cleared but I’m watching a small plow get stuck or park right now.  Had a new profile picture last night, got complimented on it. Made faux Oreos over the weekend. Not a lot going on. Starting work earlier today and seeing if it works (heh), aiming 9-5.


…

1/2/2021 Saturday 288LS 13127DA 135PW
Rune: ᛇ
“The yew is a tree with rough bark,
hard and fast in the earth, supported by its roots,
a guardian of flame and a joy upon an estate.”
Breakfast: Chana Masala w/ naan and raita
Lunch: Fried egg on top of rice, stir-fried petite shanghai cabbage
Tea: Golden Monkey

Well, since last time, Stephanie came over on 12/26 and spent the night, which was true both euphemistically and non-euphemistically. That was lovely. On 12/27 I went up to Mandy’s and hung out until yesterday, which was a wonderful break period. Her dog Nala likes me, I woke up early every day, we hung out, baked cookies, but didn’t do much outdoorsy stuff. She has a boyfriendish, Neil, and there was no chemistry between us, but that doesn’t bother me at all. Neil came over on New Years, we did an escape room thing, we watched Rare Exports, and things went great overall. I wish I was equally good at moving past Nita not being into me- that’s still an issue, embarrassingly. I’ve grown my beard out to the point where it’s definitely a beard and I need to start looking at trimming it. I’m not worried about doing coding stuff today, but I’m aiming for more Monday. Today I’m aiming at:
Prepping pizza for tomorrow/Monday DONE
Walking DONE
Folding the laundry DONE
Doing meditation DONE
Read The Last Unicorn some DONE
Hitting some of M103 before it expires jfc DONE
Maybe a bit of precalc or algo vid
In order of priority. The stimulus went through so I’ll be getting $600 next week, so I should be good through February. If I’m not dumb that should tide me over until I can be on the vega payroll and then live off the $1000 / etc indefinitely.

Just used my calendar to kinda fill out the month. We’ll see how it goes. Psyching myself to take the walk shortly. Found the exercise watch, charging it, gonna charge my headphones too just to be sure, then yean. Nothing wild, just up Oak Hill and back. Ended up doing slightly different route.

Overall got almost everything done, liked the breath-counting meditation more than the non-structured kind, had a great time at D&D, it’s 12:30am, going to bed pretty happy with things.

Except it’s now 3 and i can’t sleep :(

1/3/2021 Sunday 289LS 13128DA 136PW
Rune: thorn
Breakfast: None (woke up late)
Lunch: Pizza w/ soppresata, milk w/ protein powder
Tea: Tie guanyin

Slept in- I woke up late and now my schedule is off. Recovered though because I left enough slack in, which is an important lesson for Future Adam. 

Nothing too interesting today, made applesauce and pizza, didn’t get shower/m103 done, 

1/17 Sunday 303LS 13142DA 150PW
Rune: ᛗ
“The joyous man is dear to his kinsmen;
yet every man is doomed to fail his fellow,
since the Lord by his decree
will commit the vile carrion to the earth.”
Thus sayeth Mannaz
Breakfast: Tuna mayo rice
Lunch: pinto bean tacos, milk w/ protein powder
Tea: tieguanyin

Been a crappyish two weeks. Coup attempt on the 6th, fallout seems dubious but people mostly think this was the peak / last huzzah. Watched Possession last night with Chouxlower (Erin), was a bonkers movie. Walked this morning. Going to do basic maintenance today mostly- clean me, clean my room, do the dishes, make food for the next few days. No strong feelings right now. 250.2 weight. 

1/18 Monday 304LS 13143DA 151PW
Rune: ᚱ 
raido
“Riding seems easy to every warrior while he is indoors
and very courageous to him who traverses the high-roads
on the back of a stout horse.”

Breakfast: huevos rancheros, milk w/ new protein powder
Lunch: pinto bean tacos
Tea: tieguanyin

Could not sleep before like 5am last night. Groggily came to around 8:30, writing this at 9:40, starting work at 10am. Need to do laundry, get groceries, start bagels, cash check from grandma today, on top of programming tasks. Tired but not broken. Very full from large breakfast.

1/19 Tuesday 305LS 13144DA 152PW

1/20 Wednesday 305LS 13145DA 153PW 

Breakfast: huevos rancheros, milk w/ protein powder, s’more donut
Lunch: refried beans w/ fried tortillas, milk w/ protein powder
Tea: golden Monkey

1/24 Sunday 309LS 13149DA (re-checked) 157PW BIRTHDAY: 36
Rune: ᚠ
“Wealth is a comfort to all;
yet must everyone bestow it freely,
if they wish to gain honour in the sight of the Lord.”
Breakfast: tamago kake gohan with three egg yolks, milk w/ protein powder
Lunch: 

It’s my birthday, and I’m kinda all over the place but feeling a lot better than I was yesterday and last night. I’m going to be writing this throughout the day. I was going to hang out with Stephanie last night but Bonita had a covid exposure on Wednesday (unknown to us when we hung out Thursday) so I cancelled.

I had three whiskey sours and some very good conversations with Nita and Steph. 

Read a good article about what damages / sustains relationships and realized I was very much guilty of it with regard to Suzie and I, which is a downer. I at least know what to do to avoid it in the future though.

1/25 Monday 310LS 13150DA 158PW

1/26 Tuesday 311LS 13151DA 159PW
Rune: ᚦ
“Thurs ("Giant") causes anguish to women,
misfortune makes few men cheerful.”
“The thorn is exceedingly sharp,
an evil thing for any thegn to touch,
uncommonly severe on all who sit among them.”
Breakfast: bread and dippings and milk w/ protein powder
Lunch: bag salad and milk w/ protein powder

Bonita and Sterling tested negative, still waiting on Brentlynn. Shawn is covid-positive, Nita’s dad is covid-positive. She’s in a rough spot re: childcare, I’m offered to help if it’s necessary. Realized the other day in therapy that a lot of my terror of crossing an unspoken boundary is like, specifically about Seri, not because he’s a jerk, but because that’s how things played out. Check from grandma bounced, but it was because it misread the routing number somehow? I redeposited today, we’ll see. Gamestop stock fiasco continues- I made $48 today but could have made like $200, but whatever. I’m going to reinvest tomorrow I think. That said, tomorrow is the fourth weekly LOG THE FUCK OFF day and so my goal is to open no new tabs. It’s midnightish as I write this, I’ve brushed my teeth, I’m not super unhappy with the day. 

1/27 Wednesday 312LS 13152DA 160PW
Rune: ᛏ
TYR TIME
“[sic] is a (guiding) star; well does it keep faith
with princes; it is ever on its course
over the mists of night and never fails.”
Breakfast: Protein powder w/ milk, tamago kake gohan
Lunch: hash brown tacos, milk w/ protein powder
Tea: Republic of Tea Vanilla almond

Got my morning walk in, am pretty happy with my day so far. My life plan at this point is increasingly close to form polycule with like, the women I hang out with and then Cat (who is nonbinary). Trying log the fuck off day, going to see how it goes. Overall happy. Got in and out of the Gamestop stock fiasco without losing money, made $150, could have made WAY more if I’d been bolder but also could have lost the same amount.

Burning through the previously covered parts of M103 since I didn’t keep up with it and had to start over. Hit that and the flask tutorial, at my first long break for the day. Feeling pretty good! 
It’s 1:50, finished pomodoro 7/16, so running a bit behind but not catastrophically so. Trying to incorporate motion into this.
Moved diary to text file locally, google docs was starting to struggle.
2:35pm, am at 8/16, just did quick run-ish around the block. Mood is positive. Going to move on to different stuff then come back to GraphQL at the end.

Got off track, finished up the next two at 4ishpm. Still feeling good, do need to consider my speed here. If I'm usually hitting 16 pomodoros going from 8am-7pm that's a long haul, although it's not catastrophic per se. 

Worst comes to worst I can aim for 16 where it's two prep, twelve study, two post-work-prep. That's six hours of study time during the workday, which is prooobbaly plenty. Debating what my move vis a vis chair should be. That said, I'm messing around with this chair now and I might want to hold off on paying $200 for a fancier one just yet.

Having thought about it more, I'm going to aim for 12 work and 4 non-work poomodoros on 'work' days.

Ordered $70 of groceries because I needed $30 of water filter. It's 5:40, I still have four pomodoros left.

Think the post-study part of my night is going to be:
-Watch an episode of paranoia agent
-Maybe read a little The Last unicorn
-Mix a drink, watch Kingdom or Viy, bother people online

I finished up close to 9, but I finished. Aiming for 12 'work' pomodoros and 4 'life' pomodoros tomorrow.
Watched that episode of Paranoia Agent, made a drink. It's almost 10, debating if I want to watch Kingdom or Viy. 


1/28 Thursday 313LS 13152DA 161PW
Rune:
Breakfast: An entire box of Krave
Lunch: Rossi's
Tea:

It's 1pm, writing while in the ADDitude webinar. Struggled this morning. 

Struggled the rest of the day. Accomplished 0 pomodoros.

1/29 Friday 314LS 13153DA 162PW
Rune: ᛋ 
The sun is ever a joy in the hopes of seafarers
when they journey away over the fishes' bath,
until the courser of the deep bears them to land.
Breakfast: Tamago Kake Gohan
Lunch: Spam Musubi w/ smoked salmon cream cheese 
Tea: Formosa Oolong
Pomodoro Goal: 8 work 4 nonwork
Accomplished: 3 work 2 nonwork

Struggled to get up on time again today, was better than yesterday. Am writing this at 11am which is my first pomodoro for the day. Bought a Sayl with my vaccine trial money, $400 probably shouldn't have spend but worth it honestly if it improves my whole year. It is the last major purchase I can make before I get income. My plan right now is to start donating plasma twice a week once I have been vaccinated- I just called though, and apparently I can do it now. I'm not going to today but I might start next week. Declined to go to Mandy's because still technically a little worried about the covid exposure from the 22nd. Overall though feeling pretty good- freelancing plus plasma should in theory let me maintain this lifestyle indefinitely, assuming taxes don't hit too hard. I'm actually pretty confident I don't hit a money wall. 

1:20PM, one pomodoro down. Going to start GraphQL now. 

I officially am going to be helping Berger work on the Vega Labs thing for Lehmann College! $750 a month! Woo! I am also trying very hard not to be like "Are you SURE?!" because he wouldn't be offering if he were uncomfortable.

Had late night on Zoom call with PatLane. Need to cut alcohol consumption on those. Otherwise okay.

1/30 Saturday 315LS 13154DA 166PW
Rune: ᚨ
“Óss is aged Gautr
and prince of Ásgardr
and lord of Valhalla.”
Ansuz
Breakfast: Spam Musubi w/ Smoked Salmon Cream Cheese, milk w/ protein powder
Lunch: Chicken Thighs on rice w/ broccoli rabe
Tea: Lapsang Souchong
Pomodoro Goal: 6 work 2 nonwork
Accomplished: 1 nonwork

Woke up a bit late but more on track. I'm going to try to modulate my pomodoro stuff so that I'm lowering it until I accomplish everything I intend to, then raising it (capping out at 20 per day no matter what). Talked with PatLane and Maggie and Stefan and Brandon and Lauren and Ryan on the Zoom call. Was good seeing people. Stefan basically went off on the frustration of Novitas boomers. Ryan reminded me that Stephanie was actually pretty fucked up in the way she handled Dan.  Not gonna really change my hanging out with her.

Second ginger beer is on the way. Don't have a ton else to say at the moment.

Was lazy all day.

1/31 Sunday 316LS 13155DA 167PW
Rune: ᛒ
Berkanan/birch
The poplar bears no fruit;
yet without seed it brings forth suckers,
for it is generated from its leaves.
Splendid are its branches and gloriously adorned
its lofty crown which reaches to the skies.
Breakfast: Spam Musubi w/ Smoked Salmon Cream Cheese, milk w/ protein powder
Lunch: Chicken Thighs on rice
Tea: almond vanilla
Pomodoros Goal: 2 study 2 nonwork
Accomplished: 0 :(((((((
Writing this at 3:44, still need to get better at morning routine. Ordered air quality monitor, debating ordering computer monitor, making tea, about to start laundry and also next step of making bagels. Mom dropped off oranges and chocolate and kale, so salad tomorrow.

Down to four pomodoros on my goal today, feel a little embarassed but whatever. 

...well, now it's 12:15am and I failed even that low bar. Made bagels at least. Got some snow and expecting a bunch more. 

2/1 Monday 317LS 13156DA 168PW
Rune: ᛉ
The Elk-sedge usually lives in the fen,
growing in the water. It wounds severely,
staining with blood any man
who makes a grab at it.
Breakfast: Kale w/ cheddar and sweet onion, milk w/ protein powder
Lunch: Bagel w/ cream cheese and spam and nori.
Tea: almond vanilla
Pomodoro Goal: 12 work 12 nonwork
Accomplished: 3 work 5 nonwork

Writing this at 9:50, feeling pretty okay about today but morning routine is not yet at a great spot. I need to work on compliance, I don't know what's necessary to make that happen. I'm going to try to swing for the fences today on pomodoros and add the stuff I need to do in, but it's going to take me all day. That said, I am counting stuff like therapy and mobilesuit mondays in there too. At this point my goal peoplewise is explicitly "Nita as nesting partner in open committed relationship, Christina as live-in sub, Stephanie and Chloe as friends with benefits." I am a weirdo and I accept it and my plan is just work on that. However, it's important that I accept that this is ultimately beyond my control, and I can only work on being someone who would be worthy of consideration there. 

I'm a little worried about my alcohol consumption- going to tone it down. Fortunately that's a super easy fix. Just going to not drink except when on calls this week. 

I'm feeling momentarily pretty great, but I do want the weather to get better enough that I can go walking comfortably more often, so that I can do cardio easier. I should see about a method of doing it indoors. I definitely feel better the days I am doing it. 

Fancy socks are on the way, bagels are proofing, chair and air quality monitor are slooowly shipping to me. I'm going to be working on a budget today for February. Also, I have two bottles of ginger beer plant brewed ginger beer on the way. Going to drop off bagels at Shawn's after I bake some, I think? We'll see. 

I need to get on top of recreational stuff in a more "actually doing it" way. It's silly that I'm going to be putting it as pomodoros but I think it will genuinely help. 

Did therapy, now going to do graphql.

Finished first GraphQL, taking a long break, making lunch I think. Not sure what to make. Wait no, bagel spam sandwich. 

Still not happy with my productivity.

2/2 Tuesday 318LS 13157DA 169PW
Rune: ᛗ
“The joyous man is dear to his kinsmen;
yet every man is doomed to fail his fellow,
since the Lord by his decree
will commit the vile carrion to the earth.”
Thus sayeth Mannaz
Breakfast: eggs and broccoli rabe, milk w/ protein powder
Lunch: Fried potatoes, yogurt, milk w/ protein powder
Tea: Golden Assam
Pomodoro Goal: 12 work 4 nonwork
Accopmlished: 5 work, 3 nonwork

Writing this at 10:40, have had breakfast, feeling pretty good. We've gotten a lot of snow, but that's not a problem for me. I have plenty of stuff to eat, I don't have anywhere I need to go, I am cozy in my room. Life is very good in a lot of ways right now. I need to be a little more careful with finances, and stuff, and I need to get back on exercising, but I think I'm genuinely in a good spot. My near-term goals:
 -call M&T
 -finish graphql tutorial
 -finish flask tutorial
 -find and do django tutorial
 -implement website on my own time for portfolio
 -do stuff with Nita
 -do stuff with Steph
 -keep communication with Chloe and Christina open

 I think all of these are very feasible in the next two weeks. 

 It's 11, I finished the first graphql tutorial, played pickup D&D with netjogging, forgot to stop second batch of bagels proofing so they're 6 hours on the second proof, we'll see how that goes. Going to do one more pomodoro to get started with the frontend graphql tutorial then head to bed.

 Did pickup game of D&D with netjogging crew which was great except I missed putting the bagels in the fridge until 10pm instead of  7pm. They didn't turn out great. 

 2/3 Wednesday 319LS 13158DA 170PW
Rune: ᚱ 
raido
“Riding seems easy to every warrior while he is indoors
and very courageous to him who traverses the high-roads
on the back of a stout horse.”
Breakfast: like three bagels, but the saddest bagels
Lunch: bagel chicken sandwich and milk w/ protein powder
Tea: none
Pomodoro Goal: 12 work, 4 nonwork
Accomplished: 1 nonwork

Got up early to make bagels then got kinda sidetracked/lost and didn't get back on track until ~12:30 which is a little before I write this. Have done zero pomodoros so far, but am about to have breakfast, and have a second batch of bagels proofing and ready for shaping at 2ish. Don't remember a ton of today so far, have been kinda out of it. D&D tonight.

About to try first ginger beer. less carbonated than ideal but still has carbonation taste.

Didn't get a ton done, played D&D, pretty okay.

2/4 Thursday 320LS 13159DA 171PW
Rune: ᛞ 
Dagaz
“Day, the glorious light of the Creator, is sent by the Lord;
it is beloved of men, a source of hope and happiness to rich and poor,
and of service to all.”
Breakfast: Bagels w/ butter
Lunch: Bagels w/ cream cheese, milk w/ protein powder

CO2 monitor arrived, keeping an eye on that and it's been interesting (levels are def above what I want in my room with the window closed). Got up early, fell back asleep, didn't do a ton, hung out with Nita from 2-5, have been aimless.

2/5 Friday 321LS 13160DA 172PW
Rune: ᛇ
“The yew is a tree with rough bark,
hard and fast in the earth, supported by its roots,
a guardian of flame and a joy upon an estate.”
Eiwaz
Breakfast: Taco Bell
Lunch: Potatoes, tamago kake gohan

Nita came over, did programming, didn't finish dishes, didn't write in here, went to bed kinda early. Still pretty happy with stuff.

2/6 Saturday 322LS 13161DA 173PW
Rune: ᚾ
Trouble is oppressive to the heart;
yet often it proves a source of help and salvation
to the children of men, to everyone who heeds it betimes.
Naudiz
Breakfast: Tamago Kake Gohan, milk w/ protein powder
Lunch: Chickpea and rice w/ press-pickled cucumber and kale salad, orange

Got up at 7 after sleeping long and fitfully, Maura had messaged me in the very early morning out of nowhere, hopefully things work out well there. 9am, had breakfast, wrote this, waiting for kitkats to arrive in the mail. Not a ton going on today. Made tsukemono, 400g mandoline-sliced cucumber, 40g kosher salt, 4g msg, spoonfull of turmeric, spooonful of gochugaru. CO2 levels down lower, ~700ish. 

Got more done today but not as much as I'd like- still, not too bad. Had waaaaay too many of those kitkats.

Have been buying a fuckton of stuff on Amazon the last few days, need to cut down on that.

Got back in touch with Maura, who is living with her parents in Philly and working for a bootstrapping startup. Promising!

2/7 Sunday 323LS 13162DA 174PW
Rune:
Breakfast:
Lunch:
Tea:
Pomodoros:
Accomplished: